personal and confidential i appreciate your help.
some of it was very helpful and you did it in a nice way.
i do not want to steal a person's connection.
this is why i am asking so many questions-so i am informed.
some people think i need to go slower but after 9 months and the 4th notebook i will actually have in my hands, my job and myself cannot wait to go any slower.
when i had the thinkpad t61 at home, i used it for about a week.
a manager there who helped me a lot via e-mail said keep it, use it, try it, ask questions, and i will override the restocking fee if it does not work out.
when i clicked the wireless icon a graph of sorts came up.
it showed about 4 or 5 connections and how far they were from me.
i probably mis-read the distance but that is not the point.
when i connected to one there was another screen that gave me all kinds of options and one was to make the connection more secure.
i could have selected this but i was only on there to register my notebook because i did not have an internet connection at that time.
so that is what i meant.
if it added more security to my connection i have no idea but that is what it offered.
for the people who are requesting i cancel the order and go slow, i will say i have been researching this for 9 months.
i have accumulated so much info, asked so many questions, and tried 4 notebooks (not counting the mac) so i think i am ready.
the problem is that i have never had a mac so i have questions.
even if i did have a mac i would still have questions.
i appreciate the first post with all the links.
i wish i had the kind of life where i could go through all of them.
however, a forum like this would seem to me to be a great place to go to get specific questions answered.
in regards to 2 ways to connect to the internet (dsl and cable) i think i am getting it.
i would have said there are 3 ways to connect to the internet: 1. cable by way of usb/ethernet or some other cable, and 2 dsl, which is through your phone line, and 3. wireless that comes into your house as either 1 or 2 but the cable stops at a router.
it is at this router where the internet signal becomes wireless and is accepted by your computer.
or something to this affect.
there is nothing &quot;magical&quot; about the extreme base station; it just allows a cable internet connection to be turned into a wireless connection.
it was my misunderstanding of how a wireless connection worked but it all seems common sense now.
and your comment about the shipping option, i think you misunderstood me.
i did pick a different address since my billing address is a po box.
however, i had no idea they would send one order in 5-6 shipments at various time, weeks apart.
i did not think that through.
lenovo sent it all as one.
i even had the option to check 'wait for all accessories before shipping&quot;.
i can understand some things come from various companies but i thought it was bad that it was not made clear to me upon checkout that this order would be sent as 5 separate shipments.
anyway, i got that sorted out.
i found a fedex/apple signature release form.
i asked that they put the shipments in my back door and wow, they did.
so i have all the accessories and will just be patient until the notebook arrives.
however, i think if my posts bother someone, i would suggest not to answer or get involved with it unless you want to get upset by someone's questions.
just because someone felt a need to spend an hour typing links and addresses does not mean that i need to cancel my order and go slow.
i told you i appreciated the info very much but i did not say that i would not post a question again.
my additional questions do not have any reflection on you or your post.
i actually thought it to be very helpful and have printed out some info from the sites you mentioned.
kjt
