inkjet ink is one of the most expensive liquids on the planet by volume, it's easy to see why the printer manufacturers can afford to practically give away the printers - remember gillette?
that said, there are a few things you can do to mitigate the cost.
one, as you've tried, is to use refurb/plug compatible cartridges.
with almost all printers these days, there is a chip on them that records the ink volume remaining and if you refill your own, you will need to source a chip resetter to reset the level.
when i lived in the uk, i picked one up from the local supermarket of all places!
but buying a refurb or refill from a reputable supplier should work because they invariably reset the chips.
cartridge world, in the countries where they operate, supply cartridges that work every time.
i'm surprised yout office depot one didn't - take it back and get a refund.
another way to defray costs when buying a printer is to make sure that it uses separate colour ink tanks - i think your canon uses a combined one.
on a three colour printer (cyan, magenta, yellow), the yellow is almost invariably exhausted first and you effectively have to throw away the remaining ink in the other two tanks.
on a five colour printer (with light cyan and light magenta in addition) one of the light colours often runs out first.
if the printer uses separate tanks, the single empty tank can be replaced.
i have an epson r200 dedicated printer (now obsolete but replaced by later r2xx and r3xx series) which uses a five tank plus black system and that works very well and fairly economically.
depending what you want to do and if you don't need full photo quality printing, you might want to take a look at a colour laser printer.
they used to be physically huge and carry a matching price tag but there are now very affordable models from hp, samsung and others that aren't much bigger than a monochrome laser.
the toner cartridges are expensive but the cost per page is miniscule compared with inkjet, if you print a lot.
hp do offer &quot;laser photo paper&quot; for their colour lasers and, while not exhibition standard, they do produces an acceptable snapshot - check them out at your local dealer.
there are laser mfcs but they are not cheap or particularly compact.
good luck.
