i have a 3 month old athlon 64 machine equipped with a toshiba d/l dvd burner.
i have a spindle of 25 brand-new verbatim dvd +r/w blanks that i've been successfully converting and burning some avi movies on with the nero suite.
i'd now like to dump some older viewed movies and reuse the disks.
i have tried on about 10 of them, to just plain flat re-record over some of them.
nero reports read errors on most and on a few i get no error report, everything says 'ok' but my set-top player refuses to play them (''check disk for errors'').
i then tried to erase the disks and start the whole process over.
again, on trying to erase them i ran up against a few ''read errors'' but mainly the remaining disks seem useless after erasing them as nero gives me a variety of errors when i attempt to re-record material on them.
example: ''the disk is not empty'' or ''the disk is full and can't be written to''.
often times explorer will invite me to insert a disk when i just did!
is there material on these re-recorded disks?
nope i can't tell - neither the drive in the computer nor the set-top player will play them.
windows explorer seems to indicate they're blank cds - not dvds.
so, ok, why am i worried about a few measely disks?
basically, it's not a ''few disks'' to me when the whole spindle now seems to be ready for the dumpster.
i don't want to waste more time and money nor proceed further until i'm sure that they are in fact toast and that i completely ensure i understand what i'm doing!
i have also tried alcohol 120% to erase these - same deal.
nero just barfs when i try to re-record.
remember i did say i tried to just record over them too.
i have also tried windows xp's own packet writing routines with the same results.
i even borrowed a copy of nero 7.0 ultra with the same results.
i thought highly of verbatim products.
i was pretty confident the +r/w was the way to travel.
i thought the toshiba drive was a good find.
i know my aspi layer is current and i'm reasonably comfortable that the hardware and nero/alcohol 120% software is fine.
i'm pretty sure this is due to &quot;pilot error&quot; what's the scoop on being able to re-record and thus re-use dvd +r/w disks?
is it possible and what's the correct procedure or sequence of events to follow so that i can re-use them?
thank you, group!
