as you already know, high speed internet access is usually achieved by using one of two options, cable or dsl.
without going into detail, they both supply a broadband connection to the internet.
with the aid of a router and a switch, it is possible to have multiple computers connected to the one broadband connection.
at a bare minimum, you require the cable/dsl modem (supplied by the service provider) and a length of cat 5 ethernet cable to connect the modem to your computer.
this is a wired connection.
to achieve a wireless connection you still need the original cable or dsl internet access, see above, but with the addition of one extra piece of equipment.
the wireless base station or a wireless router.
in your case, the airport base station.
your mbp, when it arrives, has built-in wireless connectivity so there is nothing further to purchase there and os x will swap between wireless and wired depending on what is available.
if you want high speed internet access (wired or wireless) at both locations, you need cable/dsl installed at both locations.
i have a couple of concerns regarding your statement about wireless access.
i was even able to go wireless and have it secured using a hot spot close to my home 1. wireless hotspots are &quot;usually&quot; not secure, which makes them available to anyone within range of the wireless signal.
they do not usually require a username or password, they broadcast their identity, and have no encryption applied to them.
this is why it is so easy to just walk up to one and instantly connect to the signal.
this is not the way you should do this at your house.
2. do the owners of this wireless hot spot know that you are using their facilities to conduct your business with?
if not, you may be regarded as stealing broadband access.
the reason it is so easy to go wireless at hotspots is because the owners of those hotspots did their research and have purchased all the right equipment and configured it to make it easy for anyone to access their signal.
it is just as easy at the house!
regarding your other woes, the apple store states that shipping on the mbp, all except the base model, will be within 7 to 10 business days so don't be looking for that too soon.
anything up to 2 weeks, not counting holidays is what they offer.
you can be reasonably expected to have known that this machine would not be in your hands very quickly.
the ship to address was the address that you gave them.
there is an option, as you move through the purchasing procedure, to have the items shipped to somewhere other than the billing address.
you, apparently, did not choose it.
it's a shame that your first experience with apple has been less than stellar but from reading through all your posts, you seem to have rushed into something without doing a great deal of research.
the research you did do, pc world for a mac solution?, was not ideal.
the only questions you really asked on this mac forum were ones regarding ram.
these were answered.
one poster told you about vm fusion and the 30 day trial, so you purchased the program, others sent you links to look at, i'm not sure you did.
the mbp will do all that you want it to, and maybe more, but you cannot expect people to instinctively know exactly what you want to be able to do, without telling them.
you have to step up to the plate and accept responsibility for what you perceive as problems caused by other people not knowing what you want.
feel free to ask any mac related questions on these mac forums.
there is a wealth of information and knowledge just waiting for you, but you have to ask the questions.
enjoy the mbp p
