hi, i am about to scream because i don't know what to do.
i have dell laptop with a intel pro wireless 2200bg internal adapter.
i am a bellsouth adsl customer and was sent a westell versalink 327 wireless router/modem.
in fact i have went through 3 of these thinking that the westell's were just pieces of junk.
however, i just purchased a belkin pre-n router, i did not purchase their card yet.
i turned off the wireless feature of the westell and am using it as the modem and connected the belkin to it as the wireless router.
guess what, same issues i've been having with the westell's for over an year.
however, i must mention that in the last couple of weeks i have almost been totally unable to get on the internet with the westell's.
at least before it would go out intermittently, but now it is basically 99% unusable - same story with the bellkin.
so now i know the issue is not the westell or the belkin.
what is the problem?
could my internal adapter be corrupted?
could their be interference in my apartment.
i have a 2.4 ghz phone in seperate room than the router.
i notice their are about five available wireless connections available in my apartment complex - don't know if that interferes.
my belkin is on auto channel currently using channel 1. i have tried everything i can think of.
i have set the wireless adapter channel to 1 to match the belkin.
i tried setting the belkin connection to ppoe since i have dsl, and it says connected, but when i go to the internet i am unable to display pages.
so i went back and set it to dynamic and i can get on the internet off and on all the while it say excellent connection at 54mbps, but obviously something is terribly wrong.
i don't know what to do.
i made ssid invisible because i figured maybe someone was stealing my bandwidth, but doing this still did not improve.
what else can i try?
please give me options and i will let you know if i tried it already.
thanks!
oh when i am hardwired to the belkin or westell, i browse just fine.
just fyi, most of the available networks in my complex are secured accept for one.
the one that is unsecured, i can get on from time to time even if it is very slow.
why can i get on that one and not even the one in my apartment.
my indicator for my router allways says excellent signal and 54mbps speed.
ugh!!!!!!!!!!!!
i will love your responses.
thank you
