the first is that power supplies are pretty inexpensive (under $50) and relatively easy to replace....the most complicated part being which pins on the motherboard to attach the front panel connectors (power, reset, spkrs, etc).
the easiest way to do that is to remove one connector at a time with a small drawing next to you that you can mark what they are so you can attach the new power supply the same way.
a total of about ten pins near the bottom right corner of the motherboard and one or two may or may not stay 'naked' with no connector attached.
i personally would start there to see if it's the power supply and not the motherboard itself that got fried.
as for hooking your harddrive to your parents' computer...the reason it said something was missing when you hooked it up, is probably because you still had your drive jumpered as a master and it was trying to boot from it rather than see the drive as just an extra slave for storage purposes and drivers, etc.
didn't match up since it still has your operating system (windows) on it and has the hp drivers still in residence in the registry.
in order to hook it up as a slave instead, make sure the jumper in between the power supply and the cable connector on the back of the drive is either jumpered as a slave and your parents' harddrive jumpered as a master or master with slave or jumper them both as cs (cable select) and hook the end of the cable to your parents' harddrive and the middle connector to yours.
the cable will then sort out which is which and boot correctly.
there will be some kind of etching in the drive itself right above the pins or a diagram on the label attached to the drive to show you the proper pin settings for the jumper.
the only problem you might run into will be if your parents are using w98 and you have xp on your harddrive because xp usually is formatted for ntfs whereas w98 is fat32 and fat32 drives can't see data on an ntfs drive.
if the situation is reversed, and you have w98 and your parents have xp, there's no problem because xp will be able to see a fat32 drive easily.
toni
