i have done all of that.
even went as far as removing the old rhapsody, then installing the vcast rhapsody.
the issue is in the step here: 3. from the main screen on your phone, the sync music v cast mobile phone display appears.
your phone should display the message: connected.
it does not.
instead i get the device saying: connect failure plus here is some additional/new info: 1) on my laptop (the one that works) i downloaded the driver from verizon but i did not download vcast for rhapsody (not yet at least).
so on the laptop that works, it connects even without vcast rhapsody downloaded.
now, eventually if i wanted to in turn use rhapsody application to copy subscription music then i would obviously have to download it as well, but on the laptop where it recognizes the device i have not yet done this.
btw - the reason i just don't use my laptop and be done with this is because it is my work pc and as such i do not want to download non work related applications like rhapsody - it is against company policy.
i need to get my home pc working 2) on my home pc (desktop) - the non working one, as i mentioned above i did uninstall old rhapsody and download vcast rhapsody just in case it mattered.
i have used rhapsody for years and know enough that you go to rhapsody, plug in device, device should be found, then you authorize device and you are good to go.
rhapsody allows for 3 devices to be authorized for subscription music and i only have one in use prior to the phone.
so... it is a issue that when i connect i cannot get step 3 to work.
now - updated info: in the mean time, i did some more investigation.
i connected the phone to the laptop that works, and when i looked in device manager to see the driver assigned it was the following: wpdusb.sys and the device was shown under windows portable devices now, the kicker: onto my desktop (the one that does not work): when it is not trying to sync it is shown under modems, listed as lge cdma usb modem, and the driver is: lgusbmodem.sys but when i hit sync and it tries to sync for 10-15 seconds instead temporarily it refreshes and a device shows up under the unknown devices with the yellow ?.
if i do it fast enough i am able to click on that, and it says no devices are loaded now, the real kicker when i searched cnet for the wpdusb.sys driver i think i found a thread where someone had the same thing - goes as far as saying on the 'bad' pc they don't have a driver, on the good one they have the updusb.sys driver, but i am not 1005 following the solution.
here is the thread:  so - i think (could be wrong) i need to get the wpdusb.sys driver to be associated with the phone when i sync it.
so how do i do that?
i tried the install new driver, from the list or or specific location, but not sure how to find that driver, or if i did how it associates to the phone.
i tgink i just need that driver to be associated to using my device as a windows portable device i am so sorry this post was so long, but i am trying to give as much info as i know and see if i am on the right path
