first of all, to get this out of the way, others seem to be saying that xp may simply not boot if the hardware is too different.
i can't say one way or the other, but it's possible.
i've moved drives with win98 between systems and it was a pain because win98 usually wanted to install new drivers for a lot of stuff.
winxp may be pickier still, so it may just not work.
putting that aside ... if all you're getting is a simple &quot;insert boot disk&quot; type of message, it sounds to me like you're not getting as far as booting xp.
of course without seeing the exact message, that's just a guess.
i don't think you said exactly what you've done.
it sounds like you're trying to boot from the xp drive in the other computer.
how is the xp drive connected?
primary or secondary ide?
master or slave?
for the moment at least, i'd suggest disconnecting the win98 drive and making the xp drive the primary master, assuming that that's not what you're already doing.
depending on how old these systems are, if this other computer is seeing the drive geometry differently (number of cylinders, heads, etc.
), it may not be able to read the old data correctly, so it can't boot from it.
for example, if one computer was using lba (logical block addressing) and the other was not.
also, if you disconnected the win98 drive and connected the xp drive in its place, check the bios and make sure the drive information is correct there.
if the bios is still trying to use the win98 drive information with the xp drive, that could be a problem (unless the two drives happened to be the same or equivalent models).
if this other system is fairly &quot;old&quot;, whatever that means in computer terms, and the xp drive is fairly new, and especially if it's a large drive, it's possible that the other system just won't be able to read it correctly.
if you just can't get it to work, you might try posting some more hardware details, like your motherboard and hard drive model numbers.
if you can get the system to boot from the xp drive, but, as others have suggested, xp just won't work, you may still have a couple options.
i've read that you might be able to do an xp install over top of the old xp install, so that xp can install the required drivers for the new hardware.
if you have anything on that xp drive you need, you should probably try to back it up before trying that.
which brings us to ... if you can't boot from that xp drive, you might be able to at least copy data from it by hooking it up as a second drive.
xp normally uses an ntfs filesystem, which win98 doesn't know how to read, but xp can use the fat32 filesystem.
if your winxp installation used fat32, win98 should be able to read it.
if it's ntfs, there may be win98 programs that are capable of reading it.
if nothing else, there is a program named &quot;ntfs reader for dos&quot; that you can find on  that can read ntfs filesystems.
as the name implies, it's a dos program, but you can also run it from a dos window under win98.
it's not perfect, but it might help.
and one last thing.
you said the &quot;xp system motherboard is fried&quot;.
if the motherboard went, it's possible it took the drive with it.
for that matter, the _drive_ may have died and taken the motherboard with _it_.
either way, the xp drive may simply be broken.
at this point there's no way to tell (at least not based on what i remember you saying so far).
good luck.
james
