if you are going to be working with a lot of video, make sure you get something other than a new, consumer macbook.
they don't have firewire at all, which i bet you'll need at some point in time.
the new macbook pros have a sole fw800 port, and you can get backwards compatible adapters if needed too.
now for some comparisons.
the new macbook pro comes in two models: the base 2.4ghz model and the higher-end 2.53ghz model, which has a few more bto options online.
you could throw in a 2.8ghz cpu if you wanted.
if you are going to do video work, make sure you look at the graphics setups.
both have the new nvidia 9400m chip and the 9600m gt card inside.
technically, they can work in hybrid sli (having a graphics chip and a graphics card working together at the same time, pretty much), but nvidia says that apple has yet to write in this feature in os x. know that you currently have to log out to switch between graphics processors.
starting at $1999, mbps aren't cheap, but they're good quality and perform well.
to save money, you could get the base model, but it has half the graphics memory as the $2499 model, which may or may not affect you.
your call.
if you want a new notebook to use over your macbook, this is the way to go.
my older mbp runs final cut express very well, so you wouldn't be disappointed.
if you want a desktop, you have to consider the imac or the mac pro.
the imac comes in four flavors, while the mac pro comes in one (expensive) model.
a mac pro guarantees you a longer life; you'll get the ability to upgrade many components, something other macs can't do.
but again: no matter how powerful and great they may be, they're very expensive.
if you want a sub-$3000 computer, the high-end imac should work fine for you.
3.06ghz cpu, nice gpu, etc.
the 2.8ghz one is still good, and so is the 2.66ghz 20-inch model.
i wouldn't look at the base imac; it's stripped down when you compare it its older siblings.
bottom line: if you get a machine with 2.4ghz or more of cpu power, 4gb of ram, and a decent graphics card, you'll be good to go.
that's what my older mbp runs on, and i've been satisfied with it.
depends on what you want.
for the imac, wait awhile because a line refresh is expected sometime soon.
for a mbp, get one now, since they were just upgraded.
the unibody macbook pro is truly an imac-to-go, so that would be my first choice.
hope this helped.
-bmf
