my computer was purhcased in 2001, when i received it, i got it preinstalled with windows 98se & that is the operating system that gets installed if i use the system restore cd.
however about 8 months back i did a full new installation of windows xp home edition on this computer.
initially the sound was working fine.
i didn't use the computer the entire summer.
when i switched it on after summer, there was no sound output.
i changed my speakers, checked the wires & everything.
then i thought maybe it's the driver so i got into the windows update website & it showed that i have a newer driver available & i decided maybe that would be the key to this but nope after that i got a yellow exclamation mark next to &quot;c-media ac97 audio device&quot; in device manager.
when i use the driver cd i received with my pc it installs &quot;soundmax integrated digital audio&quot;.
why is it different?
even after installing the soundmax drivers i am not getting any sound.
i cannot do a rollback of the driver & neither can i go back to a system restore point.
in add/remove programs i have something called c-media wdm audio driver, when i try to uninstall it says it has been uninstalled but seems to say that every single time i uninstall it, after the reboot it still exists & can be uninstalled again & again.
i tried disabling the onboard audio from the bios & got the same result.
what is going on?
how can i get my sound back?
btw i think there might be a lot of different drivers of c-media ac97 & soundamax that were installed so, is it cause maybe they all are clashing or something.
how could i completely remove all the sound drivers & then install the driver from the cd?
i've tried uninstalling it from device manager & restarting the computer & letting windows install it, no success in that.
i have a compaq pc which i know has an abit bl30g motherboard, however i cannot get the drivers from the abit website because this is an oem motherboard & the compaq website does not have any new drivers for this pc.
what do i do?
