i am running an asus p4s800d-x motherboard with a pentium iv 3ghz cpu and 2gb of ram.
i currently have an asus a9550 agp graphics card with 128mb of ram and which has one dvi port and on vga port.
i had been running a single apple widescreen 20 cinema display on the dvi port for a year or so.
now i just added a second monitor which is a dell 24 widescreen ultrasharp display to make it a dual monitor setup.
the dell is capable of running on both a vga or dvi signal, but since my graphics card only has one dvi port, i have the dell running on the vga port and the moment.
i use the computer mainly for photoshop and working on 50-150mb image files.
i found that images look sharper on the apple, even though it is almost 2 years old already.
my guess is that the dell would be much sharper if i had it running also on a dvi port.
i have been looking at agp cards that i can upgrade to, although there are not many to choose from.
there is one by asus i have been looking at with 512mb of ram which is the asus hd2600.
i am also looking at a sapphire x1950 pro also with 512mb of ram.
before i make a new video card purchase i want to make sure i am going to get the right thing.
if anyone could answer the following questions it would be much appreciated: 1 if i put the dell monitor also on a dvi port will i see a noticeable difference in sharpness over the vga signal it is running on now?
2 will a graphics card with 512mb of ram versus 256mb of ram make a noticeable difference in performance for the type of work i am doing which as i said is primarily photoshop with large photo files?
3 i had heard that the sapphire x1950 pro is one of the fastest graphics cards.
for the work i am doing do i need something as fast as this?
4 i also heard that the sapphire card requires lots of power and could be a problem in some machines.
is this something to be concerned about?
5 if i upgraded to say a graphics card with 256mb of ram and 2 dvi ports, would this be enough of an upgrade to increase the sharpness on the dell and overall increase in performance i am looking for?
6 are there any other graphics cards available that would offer to dvi ports with an agp slot with either 256mb or 512mb of ram worth considering instead of the ones i mentioned above?
thank you for your time and hoping to get some good guidance on this.
