i, like a lot of folks, watched the ads for computers for a long time and just couldn't get a feel for the right time to buy because you don't have to be a genius to see computers selling for a few hundred dollars less today than they were a year ago, but the reality is that if you really want a computer, you're going to have to get your feet wet sooner or later and the march of technology shows no signs of slowing down.
i wasn't completely clueless when i went to buy my computer because i had at least been using them at work and at school for nearly two decades, but i was somewhat overwhelmed when i began to look at all the options and had to consider specifications that had never entered my mind before.
so, i started my computer shopping asking salespeople what would be the right computer for me because i'm really only want it for this and i really will never do that and the response i got was that no one could really make recommendations on that kind of information, which confused me a little.
then i remembered the good old days of audiophile stereo component systems and how i used to discourage others from buying systems that were ''good enough.''
the reason being that if you've been listening to your music on a $50 record player, you really don't know what your expectations will be like when you finally spend a few hundred on a system that seems ''good enough.''
i'd always say go a few notches higher than what is ''good enough'' and make sure you have enough flexibility to accommodate practical upgrades along the way.
that put it in perspective for me and i went back to shopping with a much better frame of mind.
no longer was i looking for the computer that was right for me on that day, but the computer that would be right for me two years later.
i didn't buy the most expensive one in the house, but i did get the one just below it and i haven't been sorry.
yeah, i can buy a computer with specs about the same as mine for a few hundred dollars less today, but i have been using my computer for these last two year and not just reading computer reviews and browsing computer stores and i'm confident that my system will accommodate vista.
i've got two memory slots still open.
so, the lesson in this rambling tale is this.
most of us are pretty knowledgeable about something, be it motorcycles, automobiles, stereo systems, or real estate.
i think the same principles apply.
when you're new to something, you're always afraid of buying too much, but in a world of advancing technology, that is almost impossible because someone is already writing software or designing hardware to make the current state of the art mainstream.
you probably don't need the best, but the least won't satisfy you for long.
that mindset and the size of your pocketbook should be a good barometer.
also, try to know what's coming down the pike before you buy, but others have written about that already.
