what do you mean by ''the motherboard drivers needed to be installed first''?
which ones and where are they and how?here's another aspect of my case.
after posting, i took the sb card back to best buy and exchanged it for another same card, thinking it could be bad.
i swapped pci slots with a modem and rebooted.
after xp started i saw detection of &quot;new&quot; modem and &quot;new&quot; sb live 24-bit sound card going on in the system tray.
then an error box came up: &quot;the installshield engine (ikernel.exe) could not be installed.
the system cannot find the file specified&quot;.
then xp abruptly turned off the computer and restarted.
this happened 4 times.
then i took out all the cards and it rebooted ok. in control panel, the default audio device is now the original avance ac97 audio and the sb live isn't even listed.
i never uninstalled anything that came with the card.
i installed a new maxtor 80gb drive to replace my old 40gb that came with the machine.
i used the maxblast software to copy the entire old drive to make the new one the c: boot drive.
it boots and everything is as it was, except a few programs thought they weren't registered or their trial period was over.
the &quot;unregistered&quot; ones worked ok after i entered the reg.
no's.
this has me wondering if the maxblast program overlooked or corrupted a few files, probably hidden ones.
or a certain folder where all these reside.
i left my old drive intact with all the files on it in the machine as e: i relabelled the c: drive before the sound card installation.
it was fornerly &quot;local disk&quot;.
could that be a problem for programs looking for certain files?
i just did a search for ikernel.exe it is in the same path on both drives, &quot;\program files\common files\installshield\engine\6\intel 32&quot;.
i am holding off doing anything else until i get answers to some questions, like: a. should i uninstall all the creative software?
what special thing should i do with the device drivers etc?
b. the install instructions said to hit cancel if xp asked for the device drivers.
should i run their install again anyway?
c. could the &quot;missing&quot; ikernel be why the eax app is malfunctioning?
d. i did a system restore save point just before switching hard drives.
should i restore it first?
e. should i get a different card?
would that really help?
after all, i just wanted to listen to some music!
------ droidbot7000
