do external hard drives have a life expectancy?
absolutely.
inside each external enclosure is your standard computer hard drive, either a 2.5&quot; laptop drive in your portable external hard drives or a 3.5&quot; desktop hard drive inside the larger, less portable external hard drives.
each drive has an electrical motor in it that actually spins the platters within the hard drive.
as it's your standard electrically based magnet and coil motor, there's friction in effect, which means wear and tear, which means eventually, that motor will fail.
it's not &quot;if&quot; it fails it's &quot;when&quot; it fails.
this is the most common way hard drives fail, but if you've ever seen the bottom of a hard drive, you'll see hundreds of different parts, circuits, resistors and other various electronics that are all just waiting to fail.
eventually.
some manufacture's will even tell you how long your hard drive will last.
if you can figure out what it all means.
here's one from a popular hard drive manufacturer's data sheet.
reliability/data integrity contact start-stops 50,000 annualized failure rate 0.34% mean time between failures (hours) 750,000 but before you start counting how often you turn it on, or how long you've been running it each day, or crossing your fingers and just hoping it doesn't fail today, do what makes sense.
if you have content that is highly important to you, either personally or professionally, then treat it as such.
do two kinds of backups.
one optically (cd's or dvd's) and one magnetically, ie: with an external hard drive.
or use an online backup service.
or use 'flash' memory, such as a usb thumb drive or a very new (and still quite expensive) ssd (solid state drive) since you'll very likely be dead before the drive fails.
or so they say... just as optical discs were supposed to last a lifetime, we now see that they don't.
personally, i just buy a new external hard drive every year.
they get bigger and cheaper every year, and i typically am near to running out of space every year anyway, so moving into a bigger drive actually makes quite a bit of sense in a couple of ways.
i'll then copy everything over to the new drive, then 'archive' the old drive (put it in a box in the closet up high enough away from my 9 year old) and just use the new one.
that way if my current model fails, i still have most of what was important to me.
better 'most' than 'none'.
if you're really really really worried about your data, keep your archived external in a small fire and water resistant box and put it in your safe deposit box at the bank.
the nice thing about using online backup services is that they also do 'redundant' backups, so it's much more likely it'll always be there.
the only downside to using an online service is that the initial upload is well, slow.
kinda like watching paint dry.
in the rain.
while watching the movie the titanic for the third time.
while listening to your mother-in-law go on and on about her last vacation.
all while you're getting a root canal.
it seemingly takes forever, and you're still left wondering if they got it all.
