here's a suggestion for windows/lacie users.
never, never, ever hot-plug a firewire drive, no matter what anyone tells you!
turn your computer off.
i mean hard off - power down completely and re-boot!
connect the drive.
turn the computer back on.
the drive should be recognized immediately.
if it isn't, you've got problems which aren't anything to do with windows or lacie's drives.
could be your firewire card.
try an adaptec.
also, firewire 400 is more reliable than firewire 800, and probably as fast as most users will ever need.
if you have firewire drives that are always in use, just leave them connected.
if you have ones that you only use from time to time, make sure you turn off and re-boot (don't just hibernate) the computer each time you connect a drive.
i used to have this problem all the time.
powering off and re-booting every time i connect (or disconnect) a firewire drive totally solved it.
once again, don't hot-plug firewire drives - your system won't find them reliably, and the chances of shorting the power bus (if you plug the cable in at an angle) and terminally frying the drive are very high!
i spent several years working in a college media-production lab, and i've seen this problem again and again.
trust me.
if you're going to connect or disconnect a firewire drive, turn everything off!
i cannot emphasize this enough!
as for the reliability of lacie's external hard drives, they're the drive of choice in many recording studios and video editing suites, and are generally among the most reliable external drives available for mission-critical media storage applications.
i have 3 (2-200 gb and 1-250 gb) of them connected to my audio/video editing workstation.
they often run 24/7 for weeks on end.
none of them has ever failed me in any way.
knock wood.
these are the heavy-duty d2 models, mind you - not the slick little porsche ones.
i don't know what brand of drive they use in 'em, but they seem to work as advertised.
there's always the possibility of lacie manufacturing a run of bad units, as the person who's burned out 3 different 250 gb units may have discovered.
however, most people i know, including myself, are pretty happy with them.
