most new games require a high powered graphics card.
unless you purchased a high end gaming machine, most computer manufacturers that sell a computer with integrated graphics usually include a middlin' graphics circuit.
to get top graphics performance, you will probably need to purchase a high end board.
you have several choices from nvidia or ati.
these are the two manufacturers that provide the chipsets to third party manufacturers.
sites like tigerdirect.com and compusa.com have high end gaming boards and are good places to start.
other options to consider are hd performance and hd television capabilites.
these open up a whole world of high end graphics entertainment also and thess option are usually not too much more expensive.
my advice is that you would be better off including these options in your research of which boards you will consider.
cnet is a very good resource for tapping expert knowledge about these capabilities, but you will have to do the hump work to find it.
you have several other considerations before you buy.
first off, most of these high end boards are extremely power hungry.
many of them require a power supply with a minimum of 600 watts.
eight hundred to a thousand watts is better.
this is electricity &quot;headroom&quot; and your system will only draw what it needs to the maximum.
typically two or three hundred watt power supplies are what most manufacturers include and these are woefully inadequate for any serious gaming.
you will definitely have to upgrade your power supply.
another consideration is how much onboard ram you want.
your computer integrated graphics is dedicating 256 ram from your system ram.
256 mb of ram might seem like a lot, but most new graphic boards include 1gb or more of ram on board and you will need it for many new games.
allocating more from your main system's ram will really degrade overall performance unless you have the option of adding more system ram.
that's something you might want to do anyway to increase overall perforamance and it's a relatively cheap way to do so.
you can also save some money by installing the new power supply yourself, but make sure you note down where all the power connectors go before you start unplugging the old ones.
even experts use simple masking tape to mark connectors so they don't miss one.
it helps to number them sequentially before you start start unplugging, again so you don't miss one.
once you have everything installed you will need to go into your system bios at startup to disable your onboard graphics card.
this is a simple step and is usually self-explanatory when you find the appropriate submenu.
i am also assuming you have a relatively high end monitor and you won't have to purchase one with hd or near hd capability.
if not, that is another expense and size and quality will go into your decision process.
well jose, i hope this helps.
a whole new world of realism opens up when you upgrade your system to a gaming system.
if all of this upgrading seems like more than you want to do, then you can simply purchase a high end gaming/entertainment system and they come loaded.
again cnet is an excellent resource for what is available in high end systems.
bueno suerte.
- t. hannibal gay, el paso
