first, don't even try writing on the troubled drive.
you will only make it worse.
focus on access first, then transfer data to another device, then play with the troubled drive and write to it all you like.
have another usb drive standing by to accept the data, because you may get access for a limited time.
second, match the usb versions.
if you were able to get a 2.2 external to work in a 1.1 slot, then you were lucky and your luck has run out.
get a new usb card that meets or exceeds the external drives requirements.
third, unplug unessential usb devices (leave mice and keyboards plugged in)(unplug webcams, printers, etc.)
these devices may conflict individually or in concert.
try your drive in the leanest configuration possible.
fourth, plug the drive directly into a slot on the back of the computer.
a. sometimes the front drives are unreliable for data storage devices.
b. extenders can be problems.
unpowered extenders can act differently each time a usb device is plugged in or unplugged.
powered extenders were generally not intended for data storage devices.
remember data storage devices are transferring back and forth gigabytes of information.
this is high intensity use.
external hard drives should be connected as close to the bus as possible.
fifth, check the manufacturer for updates.
shipping software does not always work with all systems.
make sure you are running all service packs of your operating system and any updates on the drives' driver.
sixth, find a friend with a mac powerbook.
most usb external drives have been created to run on macs and pc's.
mac's have a cleaner system so even if the drive does not work on the pc, it may work on a mac sufficiently that your data can be transferred.
there are some drives that break and require data retrieval services.
more often than not, a new usb slot card, removal of conflicting devices, a new cable,updated drivers and a frustrating call to a tech support person who knows less than you do, will do the trick.
there is hope.
jaf
