i started reading about and studying about computers before i ever got to use one.
i took a test when i got out of high school and they said that i could be a programmer, nurse, or teacher.
i liked the idea of programming.
when i was in my forties, i joined a programming class at fort brag.
it was a basic computer class and i used one of their computers.
it was an ibm (i think.)
anyway the next chance i go to get my hands on a computer was when i took another computer class (again in programming) at la verne college in california.
it was an apple iie.
finally i got my hands on a computer to use at work and learned about the programs.
the company sent me to class to learn access and they had mini classes in other microsoft programs at work for all of us to learn to run the machines.
i was put in charge of a program that monitored all the machines in the production floor.
it was written in qnx (a cousin to linux) and now it is run on unix.
i am still working with it and trained myself to run the program.
again i bought all kinds of books on unix and computers.
a co-worker teased me about spending my money on books when i could get a machine and start using it instead of reading about it.
i said, yes, but if something went wrong with it i wouldn't know how to fix it.
i eventually joined the nri school to learn programming again.
they sent me a machine, a 286 generic with 16 megs of memory.
i went through the first part of the training and got anxious to complete it.
(i never completed the course even though i paid the full $3,000.)
i installed a cd rom and sound blaster card in that machine.
i went on to build my own.
i still have the one from the school even though i don't run it anymore.
the one i built is an amd 586. i bought the machine at a second hand store, brought it home and rebuilt it from the motherboard up.
since then i have bought several from the second hand store and got them up and running.
i got my son interested to doing this and gave him several of the machines to see what he could do with them.
he never completed school, but he can get a machine up and running.
right now i am a 66 year old still learning how to make the machine do what i want it to.
i still run the unix system at work along with doing database management and spreadsheet reports.
i have a lot of memories about the experiences i have had with all the machines i have, and i plan to have more in the future.
