1. yes, the speed bump is definitely noticeable, if you were previously using the machine with the default 512mb of ram.
if you started to use the machine after the 2gb was installed, you will not notice any difference!
this machine is fast anyway!
2. it is probably cheaper everywhere to buy an external drive than it is to upgrade to the 500gb internal at the store.
instead of buying an &quot;off the shelf&quot; hd unit, consider: buying an external firewire enclosure and a large capacity internal hd which you would install inside the firewire enclosure for a price that is lower than the &quot;off the shelf&quot; option.
firewire only though, no usb enclosures.
3. marginally slower.
the speed of the firewire link and the good performance of the imac in general, negates the very small speed drop.
i have no problem with my firewire drives moving information around.
it comes off the camera, in real time, via firewire.
4. this is a personal choice.
i like the apple bluetooth keyboard but prefer the logitech usb three button scroll mouse.
i found the mighty mouse to be a little on the heavy side but i know a lot of people who like it.
it does take a little getting used to.
although bluetooth and wireless are kinda the same, manufacturers tend to use the term wireless when they sell a product that requires their own receiver to be attached to the computer.
your imac will have built-in bluetooth support and does not require any additional equipment to support bluetooth devices.
apple has a bluetooth keyboard, not a mouse (soon, please steve!)
which i find to be very helpful.
5. ahh, the &quot;should i wait&quot; question.
you could, of course, wait until april 1st to see if anything will change or you could wait for macworld boston or you could wait until macworld san fran in 07 or even just wait for the usual surprise announcements.
no matter how long you wait, there will always be something released next week/month/year that you wish you had waited for.
23&quot; imac would be nice, as would the quad core imac, the 4ghz macbook, the dual quad core pm, and the lower price of petrol.
all rumors, but we can dream.
good luck with your new imac, i'm sure you will enjoy it and i hope that these answers addressed some of your concerns p
