i usually use a middle-of-the-road (in terms of cost) surge protector but, as the survey asked, i'm one of those who uses a surge protector for the extra outlets (note that there is a difference between a power strip and a real surge protector).
for protection, all sensitive equipment here has a ups.
i might take more precautions if i lived in an area that had a lot of lightning strikes, like florida).
but, like lee, i live in an area (southern california) that only has lightning once or twice per year.
so, let's see, i have three upses and a bunch of surge protectors for the outlets.
but, you know what?
if there is some kind of storm we shut off power to the computers and/or pull the power cord out and maybe even shut off the upses altogether.
the downside: ups systems cost a lot of money and you frequently (every three years or so) have to replace the batteries.
also, you will use a lot more electricity with a ups even when not using your computer.
so, what it boils down to is the universal engineering symbol: &quot;$&quot;.
what is more costly, running ups systems or replacing your computer?
if you throw in the &quot;odds&quot; of having a direct power lightning hit, the decision can be something you can estimate.
assuming you have a backup, how much would it cost to replace your whole computer system if it gets hit?
how much would it cost to buy, maintain and &quot;feed&quot; (with electricity) a ups?
now, what about surge protectors?
first of all, there is a big difference between a surge protector and a power strip (power strips just add outlets and maybe an &quot;extension cord&quot; but really don't offer any protection).
next, consider how $cheap$&quot; the surge protector is.
what is it rated at.
most really can't handle a direct lightning strike but they can handle it if someone turns off then on your circuit breaker or there is some other abnormality on the power line.
some companies offer a guarantee on your equipment but make sure you know what is actually covered.
they may exclude lightning or anything over a certain size spike.
also remember that your telephone line, dsl line, cable line can also be subject to a lightning strike.
some protectors may have telephone line and network line protection.
my suggestion is to not use any of this equipment during a storm.
most of us can wait until later.
also, if you are in a place prone to lightning strikes, move, uhhh, i mean, get a ups.
