hi graham good to know that you intend to re-cycle your old hd's.
smart move and you save money.
i'd agree with the other community members that reformatting the drives is all that you need do.
just make sure to use the full format option and not the quick format.
after formatting you can still run a virus/malware removal program.
although i'd be surprised if the program detects anything.
but you never know and you can never be too safe when dealing in the cyber-world of computers.
so do what makes you feel the safest.
there's one other option and that's to take the drives to a professional and let them sanitize the drive(s).
of course you'll pay a price for that type of service.
graham, you said these are old &quot;internal&quot; hd's.
that means either: (a) you've already removed them - or - (b) they are still inside another computer yet to be removed if (b ) then hopefully the computer is still operable so that you can perform the reformat operation, if not you'll have to remove the drive.
after removing the drive you still have to make it recognizable as a hd to another computer that is capable of running the reformat option (not to mention recognizable to be used as a storage device).
not to worry...you can purchase a usb enclosure that will make the drive recognizable to any computer and format-able to any os.
just purchase the right size enclosure for the drive.
as a rule most laptop hd's are 2.5 inch and case hd's are 3.5 inch.
2.5 inch drives in a case are rare but not unheard of.
the next step in buying the proper enclosure is to determine if the hd you are wanting to convert to external storage is ide or sata.
if it is the former be sure to purchase an enclosure that is ide to usb as there is a necessary circuitry conversion to make the ide-hd recognizable to the modern computer which are commonly built with sata controllers.
firewire connection is available on some enclosures.
once you have the hd snugly in its new enclose plug it in to any usb equipped computer and run the full format option.
windows will format the drive to ntfs standards.
apple products will format the drive to hfs+.
if you would like to use the same drive between a windows and a mac os then format the drive to fat32.
fyi, some enclosures come with a power supply and others may have two usb connections to draw sufficient power.
but in most scenarios a single usb connection is all that is required for the 5400 rpm hd.
hd enclosures can be purchased from just about any well known computer retailer either on-line or brick-n-mortar (including amazon and ebay).
those made from aluminum or a metal alloy are the best as they dissipate heat more effectively.
prices range from $7.00 to $50.00 although i'd avoid the bargain basement price.
you get what you pay for.
i hope this information is helpful.
good luck with your project.
t ogether e veryone a chieves m ore
