phil, i was going to post a few questions about ssd drives myself and i am afraid i probably have more questions than answers.
the information out there is so scattered and contradictory and most of it seems to be a few years old.
i personally have a few machines that i converted to ssd drives over 2 years ago and i have had no issues so far.
i recently converted several others over to ssd and i am working on another as i write this now.
i have to say that even if the useful life turns out to be less than that of a traditional hard drive, the speed increase( for me) alone is well worth it.
there is no other single or even multiple upgrade that even comes close to boosting performance like an ssd drive will.
just to give you an idea, just last week i took my older fujutsu lifebook tablet that only has a intel t7500 core 2 duo 2.2ghz processor and 4gb of ram and replaced the 100gb sata hard drive to a new 90gb ocz vertex 3 solid state drive for $79.
i did not install a fresh copy of windows 7 but rather just cloned my old installation to the new drive.
i had already upgraded it from vista to windows 7 about a year ago.
i found a great little utility for $20 that clones any os to a ssd while maintaining the correct drive alignment.
before i installed the ssd drive, i ran a few unscientific tests just so that i could see what kind of performance boost it gave me.
i placed internet explorer into the startup folder with a default home page of google.
i figured this would give me a real world idea of exactly how long it took the computer to boot, connect to the internet and open my google home page.
i suppose i could have run a bunch of benchmark tests but that was not what i really cared about and does not really mean much to the average computer user anyway.
here is what i found: 1. boot to welcome screen or to the login screen - 61 seconds with the standard drive vs. 27 seconds with the ssd.
2. boot and open internet explorer to a google page on a wireless network - 1 minute 44 seconds with the standard drive as compared to 37 seconds with the new ssd drive.
3. fully boot and open corel draw x5 to a blank page - 3 minutes 6 seconds with the standard drive vs. only 55 seconds with the ssd drive.
4. shutting down the computer - 17 seconds with the standard drive and 6 seconds with the ssd drive.
note 1 : many of you may not be able to get by with only a 90gb hard drive, but i only use this computer to remote back into my main computer while traveling and i do not store any data on it.
for those of you that store a bunch of photos, documents, music and other data, you would have to evaluate your actual needs to determine what size drive to purchase.
note 2 : i would only recommend cloning your old drive providing the computer is already in good working order.
if the operating system is several years old, clogged up with junk, previous infections and not running very well at all, then you should really start fresh by re-installing windows.
note 3 : so far all of the upgrades i have performed on both laptops and desktop computers have rendered similar performance gains of between 2 and 3 times that of a traditional hard drive.
this will obviously change depending on how much the hard drive is being used for whatever you are trying to do.
these gains are primarily with disk intensive routines such as booting up, opening programs and accessing data that is on the hard drive.
desktop vs. laptop if you are upgrading a desktop computer then i would recommend setting it up with 2 drives.
a smaller ssd for the operating system and programs and then a second larger, traditional hard drive to store all your data.
overall reliability reliability is an interesting question and i don't think we will have the full answer for many more years.
however, reliability is a twofold question.
you have the question of how long the drive will last before you have reached the limit of write actions to the drive and then you have the issue of reliability due to shock and vibration.
for laptop, netbook and tablet applications, i think the added durability of an ssd may outweigh any concerns about the number of write cycles.
most of the hard drive failures i run across in laptops are due to abuse, overheating, vibration and shock due to dropping and this is where the ssd drive really excels.
to give you a few examples: i have had a motion tablet pc mounted in my truck for about 6 or 7 years now and because it was running all the time while i was driving, i would have to replace the hard drive about twice per year.
if i would happen to run over a large pothole in the road, the computer would often crash.
i installed a small ssd drive in this 2 years ago and have never looked back.
no more failures or replacements and booting up to windows xp in less than 25 seconds is a real bonus too.
i have found that it is not uncommon for real road warriors who travel all the time and are constantly pulling out their laptops on planes, trains and automobiles, to have far more hard drive failures then users who have their laptop just sitting on the kitchen counter.
i have some clients that can't seem to make it more than 12 months on a hard drive and others that seem to blow through them in less than 6 months.
several of them have changed to ssd drives and great results, many to the macbook air which has an ssd in it.
the high school in my town started a new program last year where every student receives a new macbook air.
this equated to about 870 laptops all running ssd drives.
i have not heard of a single drive failure as yet.
it would be interesting to hand out laptops with traditional hard drives to 870 teenage students and just see how many hard drive failures you get in the first year and a half?
remaining concerns i still have a concern about the average life of ssd drives and only time will tell.
i am also very concerned about data recovery on an ssd drive when something does go wrong.
but my biggest concern is how the quality will be affected over time.
with traditional hard drives there were once only about 4 or 5 hard drive manufactures in the world and it pretty much came down to only 2 or 3 in the last few years and not much to choose from when it came to selecting a hard drive.
it now seems like everyone and their brother is getting into the business of making ssd drives.
which one is best?
will there be cheap knock-offs?
how will we be able to tell which one is which?
how can we tell them apart?
so far, i have pretty much stuck with using ocz and intel and i am installing a plextor this morning, but what will i do when someone comes along at half the price?
and then, when you do have a failure, you will not know whether it was the technology that failed or just a cheaply made model?
the bottom line is, you can never become complacent about backing up your data.
whether you are using a traditional hard drive, ssd drive or some hybrid combination of both, you still need to have a solid, redundant backup plan.
i am looking forward to hear what others have to say... dana wayland computer
