you still haven't said whether you are getting 'post'.
if you are not getting post then follow the options above re the ram, hdd, etc., although there is a good chance it's either the hard drive failed, or a failure somewhere on your motherboard or processor.
are you getting any 'beeps' ?
- if so, how many and in what sort of frequency ?
if you are getting post, does it get as far as the windows screen before recycling ?
if not, then it is still likely to be a hard drive problem.
if you are getting the windows screen, it is most likely damage to the boot sector.
in this case, if you've nothing you need to keep, then re-install windows.
if you do need to keep stuff, then at this stage you can decide whether to take it to a repair shop or not.
in a repair shop, they can check your hard drive and whether the data on it is accessible.
if it is, they can back it up and either re-install, or repair your boot manager.
have you tried safe mode (press f8 during startup) ?
you probably have, but it is worth asking.
you can use safe mode to find a restore point to work from.
if you want to try a repair yourself, then there is a way you can repair the boot manager using the windows cd to boot into the windows repair console.
i have done several tutorials for this, but they are for php boards.
however, i can either provide a link, or attempt to post it here.
it goes a bit deeper than the usual 'fixmbr' and rebuilds the master boot record from scratch, using the recovery console.
(a short series of dos commands).
if the windows cd can't find an installtion to repair then you are back to a possibly broken hard drive.
did you get recovery cds with the pc ?
if so, have you tried doing a partial recovery ?
or if it has an on-board recovery partition, have you tried using that ?
be careful, though, because if it does not allow a partial recovery/repair option, then you will most likely wipe all your data and installed programmes.
i'll go and look this up and look back later to see how you got on.
