for my home network my dli**k nas with a built in ftp server works great for me (even through my nat router firewall) to be able to access my files from anywhere and for me to exchange files with others that are too large to email.
and unlike the services for this where you pay monthly (i don't need anymore monthly bills!!)
for a pitifully small few gigs of space - i have 3.5t free on the 4t nas right now.
(luckily i bought them before harddrive prices got so outrageous!)
i like the nas solution since it is simple and low impact - ie.
small, draws little power and puts out little heat - this is a home network after all.
this does not allow multiple people to work the same file at the same time - i don't think anything does that.
however, maybe an even better solution for you is a really great program called ifolder (having nothing to do with ap*le).
unfortunately it will require a server.
heretofore i have only had the pleasure of using ifolder as a client when a company i worked for had it installed; but now i am trying to get this going for myself - unfortunately i am hardly versed in unix but as best i can tell ifolder is free!!
but will only run on a suse server.
so - i am going to try to see if i can install suse on a thin client and then ifolder (in keeping with my low impact requirements).
this will allow me the simple remote access i want - but more importantly for me to effortlessly keep my desktop and laptop in sync.
it may not be the perfect program - i'd prefer it did a few things differently - but it the best i've seen so far.
in the best of all worlds i guess ifolder would work with linux - which runs most nas units and then someone would sell a nas with ifolder built in - that i would buy!
if i ever get this working completely as i'd like - that thin client will run ifolder and an answering machine program.
that would be great.
another solution for you - if you don't mind keeping a pc on - is team viewer - that works well for me as too - if only it supported wake on lan - then it would be even more useful since that would remove the requirement of keeping a machine on 24/7 - remember - mine is a home network.
