i've been using ics over my network to access the web for about two years now.
recently my linksys router died so i picked up a dlink wireless router.
note than i am not actually using the router as the ethernet connection on my modem does not seem to work this way, but i have had no problems using the switch on the router to set up a network and just run ics to share the connection on the first computer.
so i got the wireless router and attempted to hook it up the same way.
at first it seemed to work flawlessly.
but its been real &quot;off and on&quot; the internet connection seems to work well on the main pc (of course as this is connected directly to the usb modem.)
and the coonnection is consistent on the wireless laptop.
the problem comes in on the wired devices.
it will occasionally work and then the rest of the time fails to find the internet connection.
i also get system error bubble on the main pc saying there is an ip address conflic on one of the systems on my network.
all pc's can wireless and wired have no trouble seeing and accessing share data on all pc's so the network is working fine.
also i have trouble communicating with the router.
when the internet does not work on any particular pc i can access the router's setup but when the internet is working it can not get to the router's set up.
i am led to believe with just one or two setting changes this will work flawlessly but have been unable to figure it out on my own.
if anyone has any suggestions help would be appreciated.
an easy solution i have thought about is since the wireless connections have no problems is get a wirless adapter for each pc and connect that way but that will drop be back in the pockets.
my router is a d-link di 524 or whatever the numbers are.
i have 3 pcs connecting through wires(one is the pc with the usb modem connected) and 2 laptops connecting wirelessly.
all pcs have windows xp except one of the laptos which has windows 2000(have had no luck connecting this one except for through the wire) help appreciated andy p.s.
(sorry that got wordy)
