this is just my opinion and i don't want to disparage anyone else who took the time to post.
i'm self-employed as a computer geek and i sell a lot of hardware to families, home businesses, and small businesses, so that's where i'm coming from.
my opinion is that if you stick with the name brands and do your homework you'll be fine.
you've obviously studied the dvd issue and you know that there is some variation there.
beyond that, set a budget for yourself and stick with it.
companies like dell will kill you with little add-ons and upgrades when you try to finalize your purchase.
ask the vendor about the warranty: where will it be fixed?
if it's a depot warranty and the depot is 1000 miles away, then you will be without your machine for quite a while.
also be sure that you understand the warranty.
most warranties cover only what it takes to put the machine back to the way it was when you purchased it.
that makes sense because it would be problematic for them to try to reinstall everything you added when you got it home.
even though it makes sense, it's still maddening to the purchaser because it could end up costing them more $ above and beyond the warranty coverage.
i strongly endorse a quality monitor as part of the purchase.
you're going to be staring at it for a long time.
don't beat yourself up over the price difference between 17&quot; and 19&quot;.
get the 19&quot; and enjoy it.
you can't upgrade a monitor once you've purchased it.
try to arrange the ram such that there's room for upgrade without having to pitch what's already in there.
for example, if you elect to get 1gb, then buy a 1gb stick and leave the other slot empty.
don't get 2 512mb sticks because you'll have to toss one in in order to install a new one.
an extra bay in the chassis for another hard drive is a nice thing to have.
if you add a drive, then you don't have to move everything off your original drive.
if you don't have room for a 2nd drive, you can always hook up an external usb drive and use that as a 2nd drive.
resign yourself that the system will seem outdated in 6 months.
it's ok. get something to back up with.
if you choose to back up on dvds, then do it regularly.
i assume that you'll probably store your photos on your hard drive.
imagine what your life would be like if those photos suddenly vanished.
feed on that fear and use it to backup regularly.
get your o/s on disk.
don't depend on that 'secret' partition to be there when you need to restore.
vendors try to save a buck by hiding the installation image on your hard drive, which might work ok sometimes, but if the drive is unavailable, so is the installation partition.
