finished installing the lg gsa-4166b internal dl dvd/cd rewrite drive & maxtor l01r300)ultra16 300gb 7200rpm ultra ata/133 internal hd.
a few minor glitches here and there (no manual came with the lg drive and no support on their website for that model) but all in all, a success.
started with the lg drive so i could backup the hd, install went well and easy enough and comes with nero software.
i did run into some problems while backing up the hd - namely not having enough hd space left (less than 4.5 gb on c: ) for the (included) nero backup software to function properly.
i had to move a bunch of non-essential programs to the d: drive and then perform the backup again.
with that completed, i moved onto the maxtor hd.
i set the hd to cable select along with the old hd and installed the drives in the case using the original ata cable.
i freaked when it wouldn't recognize the old hd and thought i had damaged it only to realize the ata cable had loosened up on the motherboard connection during the replacement.
with the cables properly in place and the old hd now being recognized, i proceeded to set the bios and then install the drive with the included maxblast software.
i partioned the new maxtor drive to 100gb/200gb and copied the old boot drive to the maxtor hd and followed the instructions to set the maxtor hd as the new boot drive.
here is what my system now shows in bios: primary master [maxtor 6l300r0] primary slave [st390020a] secondary master [hl-dt-stdvdrrw gsa-4166b] secondary slave [hl-dt-st gce-8160b] i made sure the system was functioning properly and booting from the maxtor hd and disconnected to the old hd to check as well.
i then installed the maxtor ata cable using the grey connector on the old hd and black connector on the maxtor hd, seems to fit a bit tighter on the motherboard than the old ata cable anyway.
i proceeded to backup the maxtor hd and then reformatted the old hd back to a single 80gb drive and then reconfigured the drive letter assignments to the following: -drv2_vol1 ( c: ) maxtor 100gb boot drive -drv2_vol2 ( d: ) maxtor 200gb -drv3_vol1( e: ) old hd 80gb -dvd-rw drive ( g: ) -cd-rw drive ( f: ) -memory stick ( i: ) i'm considering removing the old hd completely as the two drive sit very close in the case and produce noticeably more heat than a single unit.
i don't think i'm really going to need the extra capacity, other than maybe just using for additional backup (i know hard drives aren't reliable backup).
so, how does all this look, anything i should consider changing?
up next, a memory upgrade from 512mb to 1gb from crucial.
thanks for the advice!
