i wrote the following before i read this posting.
i'm not a newbie.
i have actually helped others with their computer problems, and helped keep a computer system at my work running and i thought someone here could do the same for me.
i had gotten so much help over the years from the folks at zdnet that i often wished i could be of that kind of help.
i came here earlier today asking what was the best way to make a copy of my hard drive, both files and software.
(see my initial posting for more information.)
my cd drives don't work and the folks at dell, both warranty hardware technical advisers and fee-based software technical advisers, said there must be a corrupt windows file and the best option was to format my hard drive, reinstall my operating system and copy my applications and files back to the hard drive.
when i first started working with them, they both promised me this would not be necessary, but later determined they had been wrong.
they came to this conclusion by my allowing them to use dell connect and roam around in my computer.
at least one of them ran regedit, because i sat here and watched them do it and work with registry files.
i tried to explain this here, but i was told i was being lazy, was not asking the correct question, was ignoring hints and was asking someone to do my work for me.
when i asked: ``i'm new to these fora although i used the zdnet communities many times, so : what is an interview?
what is a usb hard disk what is acronis?
and how do you mean for me to use pc relocator?''
at that point, mr. proffitt wrote: ``i decline to answer easy&quot;s (sic).
no one ever answered those questions, and i'd still like to know i recognize there are differences of opinion about how my cd drives can be made to work, but i had decided to follow the suggestions from dell and hoped someone here could advise me about the best way to save the contents of my hard drive.
i already have replaced the two cd drives with two new ones and they don't work, either.
i had decided on a solution.
i wanted to know how best to do it.
i was not trying to get someone to help me fix the drives, as badly as mr. proffitt wanted me to ask him how to do it.
my initial plan was to purchase a scsi drive, install windows on it and then use pc relocator to copy my hard drive contents, but i wasn't sure how to do it and came here for that advice.
i realize asking a question put me open to his comments, but rather than help me, i was insulted, misled and threatened with the loss of mr. proffitt's wisdom.
i won't seek his or anyone else's help here ever again.
