you have stated that after 3 or 4 years of use, your computer is getting sluggish.
i can only take that to mean that it wasn't as slow in the beginning when it was new.
therefore, the programs that dell installed are apparently not the problem, since they were there from the beginning.
all computers get slow after awhile if they aren't maintained on a regular basis.
every program that you install, even if only for a short period, every picture you view from your email, every web page that you visit, etc., all leave small traces of themselves on your computer.
if you don't clean these out on a regular basis, they begin to slow your computer down.
essentially, you need to understand that every time you click on an icon, that sends a series of commands to your computer.
the computer then begins a search for the criteria your click demanded, whether that be to open a program, view a web page or whatever.
when the computer searches, the more &quot;junk&quot; you have on your computer, the longer the search is going to take because of all the sifting out the system has to do.
that's why defragging is so important.
when you defrag your system, you bring all the pertinent files together in one area, instead of the computer having to search all over for bits and pieces of the files, they are all easily accessible from one point.
thus, the search is speeded up.
same with junk files.
the computer searches your whole system to find all the files linked to your original &quot;click&quot;.
if you have tons of junk files, that's just that much more searching that the system has to do before it completes it's task.
i think with a &quot;clean install&quot; with the recovery disc, the main point is that you now know what things you don't want on the computer.
therefore, you can do the install, and then immediately remove the programs that you do not want to keep.
that way, you can start fresh, and without all the bundled software that the makers think you should try.
the uninstalls are easily done through the control panel with add/remove programs.
once you have removed all the programs you want off of there, then do a defragmentation of the drive, so as to pull all the files together where they belong.
this should make a big difference in how the computer runs.
also, be sure to check your startup programs so that no &quot;reminders&quot; or &quot;update&quot; checkers are running when you load windows.
these are very sneaky, and can be real resource hogs.
if you need to know how, let me know, and i'd be glad to walk you through it.
good luck!
