computer info/description: gateway 510s, pentium 4 2.6 mhz, 512 mb of ram, home version of xp with sp3, avast 5, belkin wireless adapter, stock parts and an apc ups with with auto shut down enabled.
this computer is usually turned on in the morning and left on all day for quick email checks and searches throughout the day and then turned off at night just before going to bed.
most of the time it goes into stand by mode until needed (changed to always on to help track crashes).
no bsod.
no error message.
it is just like the power cord was yanked from the wall.
the monitor just goes black and the computer stops working/ is found off.
so far all i have to do is turn it back on and run a chkdsk (at restart) and it is working again.
when i checked the scan log using event viewer it shows no problems.
what has been done so far changed the power mode to always on to insure that there are no shut down/wake problems.
changed out the ups (apc unit).
cleaned out the dust from cpu heat sink and just generally cleaned the inside of the case, motherboard and power supply.
cleaned all fans and looked over components and saw nothing that looked stressed (melted deformed).
checked and updated software and ran av boot scan and sbsd (nothing was found).
the problem still persists.
during the last chkdsk at start-up the computer crashed (like the power cord was pulled out).
this leads me to lean towards a hardware problem and not a software problem since the os was not fully functioning yet.
once the computer is running again, another symptom is that some of the start-up items do not show up in the lower right task-bar.
most of the time a reboot will restore them.
if that fails a chkdsk at restart with all repair boxes checked will restore the missing start-up items.
i believe this maybe due to the crashes causing disks errors but it was one of the first signs that something was going wrong.
my next clue came when ff was left running and a crash happened and upon re-start, ff came up with a restore/restart message.
right out of the box, this computer has always had the strange event that after being unplugged for a while when plugged back in the computer won't come on.
if you plug it in and wait about 5 to 10 minutes and then press the power button it comes on.
as long as it is not unplugged for a period more than a minute it will start-up without any wait.
i'm looking for advice as to what to try next.
right now i have put a new power cord on the computer in hopes that it might be a simply fix.
