the heart of any system is it's motherboard and it's processor.
everything else is to support that.
custom built may cost less or more, depending on what one wants.
i did a &quot;virtual&quot; custom build by looking for best prices the other day for a low power linux system and the cost for all new parts (case, psu, cpu, motherboard, 4gb ram, dvdrw, 500gb hard drive oem &quot;white label&quot; type) was $200.
i then looked for the lowest priced dealer of comparable build and it was $50 more, which was closer in price than i'd expected, but that included the windows 8 system which was not wanted.
the custom build came out ahead on quality due to a special for corsair psu for $20 after rebates.
for cheap, inexpensive computers, i don't think it matters if you get one off the department store shelf from a major manufacturer, or if you order a kit or bundle of parts and assemble it yourself.
price and quality is comparable.
some people like the bundle of crapware that comes along with it too.
that's not the case when looking for quality.
for that you can't beat a custom build both for price and getting exactly what you want.
you get the case you want and added benefit it won't look like what most other people get since most buy computers off the shelf.
does anyone really want an icky black dell optiplex looking case today?
the case can really date the look of your system.
gigabyte or asus motherboards with all solid capacitors match cpu to a superior cooling solution power supply units from corsair, antec, or thermaltake which meet 80% requirements on continuous power supply, not based on some lying &quot;max value&quot; rating.
ram from crucial or kingston (hyperx) you add exactly the keyboard and mouse you want instead of paying for ones you would replace.
add only the software you want installed on it, not all the extra software and advertisements and limited time offers and trial period software, ad nauseum, all that stuff you spend time trying to strip out of major brand computers.
industry standard items, so greater chances for upgrades and having add-ons like video cards and tv capture cards fitting the motherboard and case dimensions.
no weird &quot;l&quot; shaped motherboards, no reverse cases, no odd power units supplied only by seller, no permanently attached heatsinks on embedded processors, no floppy drive cost long after nobody uses them anymore, no &quot;daughter&quot; cards to provide sideways slots space for adding cards into already cramped space.
the only way you can be completely satisfied with what you want and therefore what you get, is to build it yourself.
