there is definitely a life expectancy to hard drives, just as there is with any electronic device.
the expectancy is related to the mtbf or mean time before failure - however, the mtbf is a mean - that is, it represents the average failure rate for the entire population of drives.
this value is generally very high, but it only tells you something about the likelihood that your drive will fail.
there is no way to tell exactly how long the drive will last.
however, there is another interesting relationship between the age of the drive (or any electronics) and the likelihood of failure.
the relationship when graphed forms what is called a bathtub curve - it tells us that there is a relatively high failure rate initially and after some (usually long) period of time, and that once the drive has survived the initial likelihood of failure, it is likely to remain functioning for a long period of time and then fail at its end of life.
again - these two concepts predict behavior of the entire population of drives - i.e., all of the similar drives ever manufactured and upon which the failure rates are based.
that said, there isn't much you can do to guess when your drive will fail (which it inevitably will).
so - how to encourage longevity?
run it for a few weeks without keeping critical data on it - some people refer to this period as burning in.
then, keep it as cool as possible - perhaps with a fan or by making sure it is never on top of other powered equipment.
if there are air vents in the case, make sure they are never blocked, which generally means, don't put the drive down on a carpet or some other surface with a nap or that will allow the drive to sink into the surface, like a pillow.
that's about all you can do.
for totally critical data, most it departments will back up data onto tape (or sometimes dvd nowadays), and keep the recorded medium geographically separated from the drive or in a firesafe.
personally, in my linux workstation, i keep two drives for data, and mirror them every night.
if you can afford two external drives, you might want to do the same - copy your data to each drive from the internal drive.
good luck.
