i have used ink cartridges by the original manufacturer and also tried those offered by companies that use recycled cartridges and generic ink.
you are definitely less likely to have problems with a cartridge from the original manufacturer and the quality of the ink is certainly far superior.
sure, the prices for the generic ink cartridges are attractive, but the quality of the ink is not nearly as good, colors are off, they dry up faster, have more problems with leaking, and often don't quite fit into the ink cartridge slots in your printer as well as the original manufacturer's cartridges do.
should you have a printing problem and contact the manufacturer for support after using a generic cartridge, you will find that you have voided your warranty.
so if you do want to experiment with the generics, i would strongly advise waiting to do so until a time when your printer is no longer under the manufacturer's warranty.
oftentimes, even when your printer is out of warranty and you do have a problem, if you explain your problem politely and don't just go off on the customer support person who is trying to help you, they will offer you options to get repair at a discounted rate or if they determine your printer can not be repaired, they will offer you a &quot;loyalty discount&quot; to purchase a new printer at substantial savings.
i learned my lesson the hard way about generic ink.
yes, it is a great savings, but the problems that result are certainly not at all worth the price of the savings in the cost of ink.
i now stick with the cartridges from the original manufacturer, regardless of the higher cost.
you will always have more power when in need of tech support if you stick with the manufacturer's brand.
and in regard to the quality of printers made today, it certainly is true that the older printers were made better and from better quality components of those made today, which are lower in quality and do break down sooner.
companies want you to upgrade and had realized that the older models were outlasting their intended life expectancies and sales were slower on the newer models.
so these new models, particularly the all-in-ones, do have a shorter life span so customers will be forced to buy the newer and allegedly &quot;improved&quot; models.
but when you can get a &quot;loyalty discount&quot; from the manufacturer to replace a dead printer, it is worth the upgrade.
