i am running into the most frustrating situation.
i will try to describe it as best as possible and hopefully one of the great folks on the cnet forum can help me here is the situation.
i am trying to connect a cell phone to my pc via a usb 2.0 cable.
if it matters more specifically it is the lg vx8360 through verizon, but i think it is a pc vs phone issue for reasons i will note below.
the main issue is when i plug it in, the pc recognizes the device, the phone begins to try to 'connect' to the pc (there is a status window on the phone) but then after 10-15 seconds i get a connect failure message i have downloaded the driver from verizon.com.
i am 99% sure it is the correct driver.
when i go to my device manager it shows the phone, is says it is enabled and working properly, but again it does not actually connect to sync.
now here is why i think it is a pc issue.
i actually own 3 of the exact same phone (one for me, my wife and my son).
happens to each phone.
also i downloaded the exact same driver to a laptop, plugged in the phone, and it connected without any issues.
worked perfectly.
however this is my work laptop that i can't rely on using long term to connect my phone.
now, the reason i need to connect my phone is because this phone has vcast for rhapsody capability i want to utilize.
i mention this because it means my pc must recognize the device via a usb cable in order to use their subscribtion service.
i can't just simple use a microsd card in my card reader to pass files back and forth.
anyway - the heart of the question: is there something on the pc that may be blocking the ability for the phone and pc to sync and connect?
i don;t think it is the driver itself.
could the firewall i am running block the sync?
is it my other security software?
i also read about registry keys in looking online for help but i have no idea what those are or if that would help.
btw, i have also uninstalled (i think) and reinstalled the drivers multiple times, i have restarted the pc (and turned the phones off and on just in case that matters) in between driver installs, and i have tried multiple usb ports including 2 on the front and 2 on the back that work perfectly fine for other devices.
so again i really think it might be some system issue blocking the sync.
any thoughts?
long post i know but i wanted to give the most info possible.
please help if you can.
i mainly want to be able to move rhapsody subscription music to my 9 yr old son's phone who is very excited about being able to do this.
main reason i went with a suscription capable verizon phone and now it is an unusable feature until this is solved
