the fast hard drives are likely 7200 rpm or so and can access a lot of data quickly which i'd think would be common on most new systems.
120 gb indicates the size of the hard drive, that it has a capacity of 120 gigabytes or about 120,000 megabytes roughly.
a 3 minute mp3 is about 3 megabytes just to give you an idea of how much room that is.
as for ram, which stands for random access memory, i would think 1 gb should be fine unless you plan to upgrade to vista when it comes out next year in which case i would look for 1.5-2 gb of ram which is likely a bit of overkill for now.
xp will likely run well on 512 mb of ram but for some things a little more memory may be useful.
just to give you an example here my work computer has 1 gb of ram and my home laptop has 2 gb of ram and i work as a software developer.
amd does have some good processors and may be a little cheaper than intel.
i would likely suggest at this moment try to find an amd athlon 64 x2 to be a good but not stellar cpu as intel will have their new models coming out later this month and so you'll see things be cheaper then.
the pentium 4 is somewhat of an older cpu as the new one coming out is the core 2 duo and the current top one among intel is the core duo for home desktops.
if you wait then the pentium 4s will be cheaper though i would suggest looking at a core duo if you want something a bit newer.
the amd one i mentioned above will likely have some 4 digit number after it that i would likely think anything in the 4000+ to 4800+ should be fine though the lower will likely be cheaper.
does the cdrw make dvds?
this is a whole other story to get into as there are more than a few different kinds of dvd burners and some have a feature called lightscribe to let your computer burn the name on the disc rather than having to use a marker.
a few names that i'd consider good when looking at various computers would be acer, compaq, emachines, gateway, and hp.
another idea would be to go on dell's site and look at all the options they give you and see if you can get through those options without too much difficulty.
regards, jb
