i've only read the first paragraph of your post, and i'm already upset.
you said, &quot;i don't mean to make the current plan with the new hdd (hard disk drive) take a step backwards (so to speak), but i thought i would try to revamp the original concept you were asking about in your first post.''
i have gone thru all of the ideas you and mr. proffitt have left her for me.
i've used the web site mr. proffitt suggested.
nothing has worked.
i am going to install a new hard drive in the next hour.
that's it.
if you had really read the entire thread, you would know that.
if that was not the current goal, why would i have spent $80 on a new hard drive.
if you can help with that, then that's fine.
if not, please don't muddy the waters by being bob proffit jr. you said at the end of the post: `` i was also thinking .
.
.
if you bought an internal hdd, are you still planning to do a &quot;double switch&quot;?
you would be better off installing the newer hdd as your permanent primary hdd and using that once you get everything onto it instead of doing the work twice over.
.
.
.
do you follow or have i misinterpreted your plans?&quot; had you read first reply to you, you would have read: ``because i'm taking off work tomorrow (friday) to finally install a new hard drive, one a bit larger than the one in it now, and plan to make the current hard drive the backup or slave.&quot; it's non productive to go over all this stuff again.
as you can tell, this started last month and while the operations of this computer have been deteriorating -- i can no longer receive faxes -- we've had more tooing and froing and i have got to get to work or my day will be squandered.
this computer is essential to my work and if i can't write, send and receive e-mail, fax, receive faxes, send pictures, save pictures on cd-rs, etc., then i can't work and i can't afford to lose my job.
i've got to make a stab at this today.
i may be making a mistake here, but i have done everything dell, the paid dell service for software, mr. proffitt's suggestions, if you can call them that, and the decision has been made.
i can't remember how far i got in  but it may have shown little promise or i had already tried it before, so retracing those steps also is non-productive.
thank you for your interest.
ann
