thanks for the links, ramarc.
now only a bit more so i don't feel bad about buying one for me, lol!
i just built an amd phenom system last week, though it was the dual-core version: phenom ii x2 550, 3.1ghz.
thing absolutely roared; and for the price?
heck yes.
build looks great, though i might make a few changes: the 955 is the fastest phenom available,true, but you're definitely paying quite a premium for it.
if it were up to me, i would go for the 940. it's at 3.0ghz instead of the 955's 3.2ghz.
but, it is still a black edition cpu, meaning it has an unlocked multiplier.
that means it is dead-simple to overclock.
i would get the phenom ii 940, save $56, go into your bios and change the multiplier from 15 to 16. bam: you get a 955 for free.
i highly doubt you'll have to do any voltage tweaks at all.
no need to fuss with memory multipliers or htt multipliers: change one number and you're golden.
i would personally change the ram to this:  what do you get for an extra $5?
tighter timings (cas6 versus cas8) and cool lights!
check out the video review in it's review section.
cas latency isn't a big performance gain, but it can help, especially in memory-intensive applications.
not sure if yours falls under that.
but, darn, those lights are too cool.
now we have to get a case with a window, lol!
the links you posted are truncated; they've been cut short.
can you try pasting them again?
i'm the wrong guy to ask about sound cards: i use onboard and can't tell the difference since the day i threw out my creative card.
i will tell you this, though: the x-fi chipset is mainly targeted toward gamers and the like.
e-mu and m-audio are targeted for professionals.
i'd just go with the one that fits your budget and (more importantly) has all the connections you'll need.
and then some.
you realize these are full-towers, right?
i have a coolermaster stacker 830 (big boy, trust me) and it's huge.
like, no mid-tower compares.
just trust me.
think big.
then go two more steps.
that's a full tower.
in my opinion, i'd go with the azza.
never heard of them, but it has good reviews.
you get a bigger side fan and it's a whole lot cheaper.
and who doesn't love 230mm fans?!
good luck!
~ibrahim~
