my work computer is a dell optiplex gx620 with a pentium d 915 processor, nvidia geforce 7300 pcie graphics card w/ 256 mb video memory, 1.0 gb of ram, and a 160 gb hard disk.
my home computer is a custom build, reusing the case from an old hp that died.
it has a pentium 4 ht 524 processor, ati radeon x1600 pro agp graphics card w/512 mb video memory, 1.0 gb of ram, and a 160 gb hard disk.
both computers were new in 2006, and though not &quot;top of the line&quot; by today's standards--or even 2006's standards--they will remain useful and relevant for many years to come.
both computers are running windows xp professional, and they can handle all my business programs, multimedia programs, and anything else i can throw at them, just as well as a new &quot;top of the line&quot; pc sold today.
now suppose that i had spent more than twice as much on each system and purchased the fastest processor available at the time--the core 2 duo--and maxed out the ram at 2.0 gb, the largest that windows xp can handle.
say that i also bought the finest graphics card available at the time, the nvidia geforce 7800 gt with 512 mb onboard.
would this high-cost &quot;top of the line&quot; computer start up any faster than the pentium d or p4 ht?
would it load programs any quicker, or let me run more apps at once?
would it be &quot;useful and relevent&quot; for months or years longer?
the answer to these questions is &quot;no&quot;.
of course the answer to the last question might surprise you, but think about it.
when the day comes that a dual-core 64-bit processor running at 2.8 ghz, or a single-core 64-bit processor running at 3.06 ghz is no longer able to run modern software, i can assure you that the fastest core 2 duo available 2006--or even the fastest core 2 duo available now--will be just as obsolete and unable to run stuff.
of course playing video games changes everything, in the sense that a computer will become &quot;obsolete&quot; in the sense that it can no longer run new games well--or perhaps even at all--long before it is too old to run current business and productivity applications.
on a gaming computer, you can expect to upgrade the graphics card more than once during the life of the machine, but again, spending lots more money for the &quot;top of the line&quot; card in a particular generation is a waste.
for example, when the day comes that new games cannot run properly--or at all--on a geforce 7600, it is extremely unlikely that they'll run on a geforce 7800, or even the &quot;top of the line&quot; geforce 7950 gtx.
by then, even the cheapest graphics cards available will have more processing power, and support for new commands and rendering engine.
