the topic is very good in that it addresses a very critical, overlooked, and misunderstood component in any pc.
i find that there are a few omissions of crital importance.
1. understand the type of power supply needed, do you need multiple 12v rails?
do you need graphics card connectors?
if you are using multiple processors,and/or multiple graphics adapters of any type then the answer is probably yes.
2. if you decided yes to the above statement then the minimum power on the dc rails you will need will probably be in the range of 250-400 watts.
if you have a raid subsystem then add about 30-40 watts for each additional drive over the 1 system drive.
note: i said power on the dc rails!
the stated power of a pc power supply is ac power input not output and this is where a lot of the misunderstanding comes in.
a 400 watt power supply can vary in dc ouput power anywhere from about 50% for a really poor and inexpensive supply to 90% for a very good suuply.
the determining factor is the switching conversion efficiency so for that inexpensive power supply you are only going to get about 200 watts of dc power split amongst the output rails however on the better supply you are going to get 360 watts of dc power output, that's a big difference!
also the higher effeciency power supply wastes less energy in the form of heat hence smaller fans or in some cases no fan at all for the power supply.
3. the labels on the power supplies can be confusing especially if you look at all of the rail voltage/current capabilities.
important: those represent the maximum current capability only for that particular rail and do not represent in the sum of all of those crrent ratings the capability of the supply!
if you were to add all those ratings up (voltage x current = power in watts) on that 400 watt power supply you would probably find that they sum up 600-800 watts.
the output power is divided up amongst all of these rails and if one of those rails ever did reach it's max then the other rails would have no current output.
4. quality does count in a power supply and only buy from a reputable company.
how do you know whether they are a reputable company?
see whether they participate in the 80+ program.
the 80+ program is at  and is a program to try and &quot;green&quot; things up a bit by improving efficiency by using higher switching frquencies higher &quot;q&quot; tranformers and coils, low voltage drop semis, fast mosfets with low &quot;on&quot; resistance and most of all low esr (equivalent series resistance) high frequency capacitors.
all of the above components add weight to a psu so there is some merit to the weight of a power supply.
most manufacturers are now working on the 90% standard but at the very minimum look for active power factor correction and an operating efficiency that is better than 80%.
5. go to seasonic  they are a very reputable power supply company and get their &quot;power angel&quot; power monitor if you truly want to get a grip on the input power of your system.
you can then work backward from there, obtaining the efficiency of the supply to find out how much your computer really needs.
if the manufacturer does not list the conversion efficiency then they are not proud of it and it's probably in the neighborhood of 60-70%, the rest is just being burned off as heat.
as far as transient response, the larger the ouput capacitors the better, that also adds weight to the supply.
always look for the 80+ certification.
another hint is to look to see how many different countries have certified their design, the more the better.
fred dunn
