she probably wouldn't know the diff 'tween a 5400 and a 7200 spin rate.
her needs are simple.
my big beef with dell is the psu/motherboard proprietary setup- you can't say that about any other vendor that i'm aware of.
and yes, you can build a system better than what's on the shelf; ask any diyer here.
as to the cost of the os, yes, good point, but if you're upgrading, no extra cost.
i have the advantage of using my job's volume license, so i have a legit license on my 5 home-built systems.
your points are well taken, but we're talking about someone that wants simple 'net surfing, maybe burn some discs, not a gamer.
gimme $300 and i could build a system that meets her specs.
and if you have to buy a licensed xp, you can get an oem for ~$90 depending on where you shop.
she doesn't need the latest and greatest for her needs.
take my daughter's pc i built for example: foxconn mobo $25, 2.8 ghz celeron d chip, about $150 at the time, case, $35, $80 for oem wd hd w/8meg cache/7200 spin rate, recycled burner/dvd player, stick of 512 pc3200 ram, onboard sound, stuck an old geforce 4 vid card that can handle alot of games fairly well.
and this was a coupla yrs ago.
i saw a $300 gig wd hd/7200 spin/8 meg cache on sale for about $89 the other day.
parts can be gotten fairly cheap these days, cept for high end vid cards, and good ram is still fairly expensive.
i built my current desktop at the same time i built my daughter's- cost my just under a grand, and i compared it to one of dell's &quot;high-end&quot; systems, and dell's sold for close to 3 grand.
i'm an amd fan, but i my budget i set didn't allow me to buy a 64 bit amd chip, so i went intel.
the most expensive components in my system was the asus board, about $130, and the ram, about $90 for each 512 stick.
plextor dual layer burner bought on sale for $75.
the chip is a p4 3.06 w/ht, cost about $199.
the most expensive part was the 6800 vid card i bought, about $400, but i bought that later.
maximum pc had an issue a few months ago that walked you though building a very decent $500 system- or maybe it was cpu mag.
my point is, it can be done.
but i suspect the original poster isn't going to build her own.
the mini-mac (whatever it's called) does a great job.
if you really want to get technical, any system, whether retail or home built will have it's limitations, wheter it's the bios, size of the vid card (the 6800 is a monster sized card, and requires it's own power supply), case- i went with a mid-size tower, and with all the crap i have loaded in my system, it's a real pain to work inside of it.
nothing's perfect.
