jose - integrated graphics kinda suck big wind.
the main problem - is the integration.
that is, it's built into the motherboard.
if it's an intel graphics adapter - you're likelyhood for regret is much higher than if the motherboard had an ati or nvidia chipset on board.
intel's graphics adapters are basically crap.
they can't handle the heavy lifting that ati and nvidia chips can.
there's also the matter of shared memory.
if you have say, 1 gb of ram, that 256 mb is 25% of the total amount of memory available.
i would imagine the system you're looking at probably has more - but you get the idea.
that memory could be better used for running programs and games.
as far as shared ram goes... depending on the system's bios, you may be able to configure the video to use more or less ram.
of course, the downside to that is that it's going to take ram away from the main system pool.
and that generally isn't always the best thing to do.
many games these days do require a fairly powerful graphics adapter.
that is, if you want to play at frame rates higher than a snail's pace.
check the system requirements on the games you want to play - and go from there.
the main reason you will want to do this - some motherboards come with fairly outdated graphics.
chipsets that are a year or so out of date.
if that's the case, you will probably be much better off with buying a video card and plugging it in.
on the plus side.. all may not be entirely lost.
check the specs of the system to make sure it has a pcie 2.0 8x or 16x slot.
many motherboards have one so you can plug in a more powerful video card later.
the slot will look like a regular pci slot, however, it's usually set further in and may have a locking device toward the rear to keep the card seated.
it'll also be closest to the cpu.
there's one other thing to check.
if they've got the machine on display and it's got vista or windows 7 preloaded on it, you can go to the system properties and check the system's windows experience index score.
be sure to look at the score for graphics and gaming graphics.
if these two scores are below say, 2.0 - you might want to run as fast as possible away from the deal.
you're going to want at least a 4.0, if not higher if you plan on doing any serious gaming.
