[]if you had a choice and you could; would you order a new dell desktop pc from dell's home office division or dell's small business division?
i'd order from the small business site because then they probably won't install all the crap software on your computer.
someone told me to order from dell's small business division because if i did i'd have access to usa tech support where as if i ordered from dell's home office division i'd receive tech support from india or the phillipines.
my mom works for the u.s. government, which buys all dell computers.
she had a problem with her work computer, called dell, and spoke to someone in the phillipines.
the government is definately not a small business.
i don't know if dell has any tech support centers in the u.s. i was looking at dell's xps 400 desktop but do you think that model would be overkill for someone like myself who needs a new desktop pc simply for doing word processing; email; web surfing; and some quicken?
yes, it is overkill.
if the xps 400 is overkill; would something like dell's dimension 3100 or 5100 be more appropriate?
yes, they would.
btw, i think that the 5100 has been replaced by the 5150. as far as i know, their specs are the same.
any idea what size ps's are in those dell machines without having to call dell?
the dimension 3100 has a 250 watt power supply; the 5150 has a 305 watt power supply.
about you recommending to configure a back up recovery cd for the computer's os; dell also offers something by symantec or norton i think; if i choose to configure a new desktop pc with windows xp home; would the recovery disk for windows xp home be the right choice to select instead of the norton recovery cd?
what's the difference?
i'd choose the windows xp reinstallation cd because that is a clean install of windows without all the crap software.
the difference between the windows reinstallation cd and the norton recovery cd is that the norton cd will probably try to repair the operating system by installing all programs that originally came installed on the computer.
the windows cd will format the hard drive, and reinstall the os.
about that matter concerning the floppy drive; dell offers a choice of either an internal floppy or an internal 13 card media reader with a choice of also an external floppy drive.
would you choose to configure the pc with the card reader then later purchase an internal floppy drive from someone like new egg to be installed later or would that cause problems with my dell warranty?
i'd get the internal floppy drive; it's a very nice thing to have; you never know when you may need it.
about those extended warranties; do you believe in purchasing one and if so; for how long?
for 1 extra year; 2 extra years; or 3?
i'm not even considering the 4 year warranty because of the cost.
i'd purchase the 2 year extended warranty.
about configuring optical drives; i've been told that 2 drive bays are better than 1. a dvd rom in drive bay #1 and a cdrw/dvdrw in drive bay #2. what's your thoughts on that?
my computer has two optical drives: a dvd burner in drive bay #1, and a dvd drive in drive bay #2. you should go for a configuration like mine; it's nice to be able to play a game or watch a movie while burning a cd/dvd.
