i apologize if this is the wrong forum to post this and if anyone can direct me to the proper forum if any, but here goes.
i found this site in some searching and i searched the forums.
so i thought maybe i could use your expertise for some help.
heres the problem i am having.
i am trying to fix some issues with my media server through my lg smart tv.
i use verizon fios and my lg tv is able to go and connect to the internet access youtube, and netflix etc etc just fine.
i have had fios for 3 months.
for the first 2 months it worked fine.
under the input on the lg tv i would go to dlna network and there it will show all the available choices, the first one was always verizon fios stb (set top box), and then it would show up with my pcs name, and then my pc's name and (insert name of media server) so usually since i use tversity it would show up verizon fios stb james c-pc james c-pc tversity media server i could select the tversity one and access my library and stream through my tv just fine.
but 3 weeks ago it stopped working and it would only show up with verizon fios stb.
now i have been trying to fix this issue for 3 weeks and 2 days.
but yesterday after 23 days i went on verizon fios livechat support and asked them to reset the username and password of my fios router as i was unable to login into it.
when the representative took control of my screen and he took me to the router login i reset my password and logged into the router.
i didnt make any changes and if i clicked anything it was just basic reduction of security to try and &quot;open things up a bit&quot; and out of nowhere magically it started working again.
my tv was now showing dlna network with all the media servers i have running on my pc.
since this issue started i tried downloading and installing several since i was thinking the problem was with tversity an not my internet.
but when it started working again yesterday it showed on the dlna network input of the tv all of them and tversity, playon, plex, all were working as well as it still showed up the james c-pc and the verizon fios stb.
well now here i am 24 hours later.
its wednesday morning and i used it 5 hours ago and watched a movie through it this morning, it worked fine.
then i had some errands to run and come back 3 hours later, now its not working again... only this time the dlna network under input is completely greyed out and its not even showing up with the verizon fios stb option anymore.
i have spent 24 days now with this issue, i have tried all the suggested things i can find through extensive search with google, and any tech support i can try.
i have spent hours on the phone with verizon fios tech support, i have spent time on the phone with lg and theyare sending a local technician to come look at my tv this friday .
i am wondering if you have any insight into this and anything you can recommend too me to try and get this working.
of course verizon says this is not there problem and they cant fix it and i need to contact lg.
and i only spoke to 1 out 4 techs at verizon who even knew what dlna meant.
and lg is completely clueless, noone is taking responsibility and i dont know how to fix it.
i am not tech savvy enough to know much ways of configuring my router and in looking up ways to fix it i have read things about setting up port forwarding or something but i dont understand that at all either.
please if you have any ideas i would greatly appreciate them as i am at my wits end with this but i am absolutely miserable not being able to use my media server.
thanks very much in advance for any advice you may offer me.
i am using windows 7, with an lg lx5500 3d smarttv.
feel free to email me at jamesyboi84@gmail.com or respond here if you can offer me any advice, thanks now the technician has called me back too tell me they aree going to bring a new mother board for my tv.
this tv is less than 1 year old and fully covered in warranty and i dont think this problem is going to be fixed this way, seeing as i had it up and running less then 24 hours ago.
this problem is obviously software based or a router/network configuration problem i feel and i dont think they are going to fix it by installing a new motherboard.
