hi red i just recently started using an external drive as well.
what you actually need is a back up program, or just drag & drop.
there are a bunch of back up programs out there.
i don't give much credence to the ones that come with windows, if only due to failure in the past.
so if someone suggests one here, you may want to look into it.
you can check out some on cnet, in the download area.
for automatic back up, that may be a great start.
i usually know where my files are (saved to), so i drag them to the drive myself.
this way i know they are backed up.
it also gives me control of what is being copied.
i've had some that backed up everything new or modified, including files i didn't want or deleted.
i know that nero has a back up program that isn't too bad.
it does ask if you want it to back that file up, which can get bothersome.
they have a program called incd, that wasn't too bad, that just copied only the new files, in the folders you have already selected.
some programs (software), has a back up feature.
just select the drive letter of your external, & they'll do the rest.
how often you need to back up is up to you.
or often.
depends on how critical the file is (or it's loss).
a picture of someone vs. a shopping list.
many people will have many answers.
often & redundant is the best.
that is, every day & to two separate mediums (drive, disc or online).
so from there, base it on your files & needs.
in a nutshell of learning.
the backup software will ask you where you want to back up to.
your external drive will have a letter (not c).
give the folder a name, or use their default one.
like redspix for your photos.
if it's a group back up of everything, it may get a bit confusing at first, till you poke around & see what everything is called (sub folders).
meaning, a directory redspix, will than have sub folders (hopefully) of your other stuff.
i use folders by date & sub folders in there.
example: 01-01-10 is the folder, than folders off that like; christmas 2009. one final thing.
make sure that your external drive shows up under my computer, as a separate drive, with a letter, & remember what that letter is.
there will be an icon of a dive type shown, so it's easier.
hope this helps, i'm sure you'll have more questions as you learn more about it.
just ask.
