okay, i know there have been several postings already about wired routers to wireless routers, and i have looked thru some of the stickys.
i'm just looking for some clarification / validation on this information due to i have a somewhat unique situation.
okay, here is the background.
i have an exhibit at a local childrens museum that i take care of.
it uses internet to get new updates every night.
up until a few months ago, it was working fine.
now the computer cannot connect to the network, therefore no internet.
i've switched ethernet cables, but it still does not work.
i had a friend of mine who has some network experience who took a look and said he believes there is a problem with the ethernet cable between where my exhibit is located and where the router is.
now, my exhibit is located on the 2nd floor in the north-east corner, while the router is located on the 1st floor in the south-west corner.
just replacing the router with a wireless router will not work because of the amount of steel/concrete structure between the two locations, a signal just will not get thru.
on the same floor as my exhibit, there is a working ethernet cable in the opposite corner of the room (about 50 feet away).
museum officials do not want cable strung across the ceiling, nor routed along the floorboard behind the trim.
what they will allow me to do is put a wireless router up there, then i could use a wireless adapter on the computer for my exhibit.
okay, so now that you have all of the background, i'm just wondering, can i put a wireless router in place, and plug the ethernet cable (which is of course plugged into a wired port on the router downstairs) just plug that into the internet port of the wireless router??
what configurations would i have to do in the wireless router to connect with the router downstairs in order to distribute the internet.
once i have the routers talking to each other and working properly, i will be turning off the ssid as museum officials do not want the area becoming a wi-fi hotspot.
the only thing it will be used for is my exhibit connection.
any advice / support would be greatly appreciated!!
!
