the first computer i used was a commodore vic 20, back in 1982 or 83 i think, and the first computer i owned was a commodore 64, which i think i got in 1984. i had an okimate 10 color thermal printer that at the time was hot stuff.
that was also the first computer that i ever used to connect to my first bbs, using my lightning fast 300 baud modem.
at that speed, simply chatting on a ddial with 3 or 4 other people would sometimes have you backlogged for minutes, unable to keep up with the conversation.
when i got my first 1200 baud modem (which someone kindly donated to me), i thought it was the best thing since sliced bread!
commodore 64s were great for games, far better than any equivalent ibm pcs at the time, but they weren't great for much else.
the first &quot;real&quot; computer i owned was an antiquated tandy 1000-25 ibm compatible that i got in 1989. it was an xt, but technically it only ran at about 4mhz, not even the full 4.77 mhz that an xt should.
this computer was so slow it wasn't even funny, and it certainly didn't have a hard drive, just dual 5.25, low density floppies.
in fact, radio shack who manufactured the tandy line, claimed this computer wasn't capable of supporting a hard drive under any circumstances.
i found that out after spending countless hours trying to install a 10mb, full height mfm hard drive brick into it.
amazingly though, a good friend of mine who was a computer guru in the true sense of the word, figured out somehow that if he soldered a small piece of metal onto the mfm controller, he could get the controller and the system to recognize the drive and we eventually got the whopping 10mb hard drive installed.
things were definitely different back in the day... dos ruled and when windows came along, 3.11 loaded faster on an 8mhz 286 with 256k ram and a dog slow mfm hard drive than xp does now on a 3ghz dual core p4 with 4 gigs of ram and a 10,000 rpm ide drive.
none of that plug and play crap, it was all about jumpers, com ports, and irqs.
your bios was on a floppy disk and if you misplaced it you might as well throw your computer away.
no internet to find and download drivers from or find information about anything, though a small percentage of companies by the early to mid 90s had a bbs, but they usually didn't have much on them and trying to find the # of the bbs to begin with wasn't easy.
16 color ega graphics were hot and 256 color vga graphics were the wave of the future.
if you had an 8-bit sound blaster you were the man.
oh and let's not forget there was no such thing as email, just messages posted on bulletin boards.
cd-rom drive?
what's a cd-rom?
on the flip side, viruses were almost non-existent and only propogated by attaching themselves to files on your floppy, so it wasn't that hard to protect yourself and everyone used dos based mcafee vscan.
there was no such thing as spyware or adware, what a wonderful thing!
things were a lot simpler in many ways, more difficult in others.
i have some fond memories of computers in the 80s and early 90s, but i wouldn't want to go back .
