for what it's worth: having started out on things like six plate flatbed and moviola upright film editors (yes, using tape to fix pieces of film together,) in today's market, to be marketable, as well as to pay your dues learning the craft, where $4,000 a week happens for many an editor, i'd suggest canceling the expense of youthful exuberance and save until you can afford a mac pro and final cut studio, with at least one 23&quot; monitor.
all of this will cost less than a lens for an hd camera.
by far.
with the mac pro, you get the nice video cards, and for editing, there is a new class of effects and transition technology which use the high speed capabilities of video cards for real time (live) capability.
it's a brave new world, and very, very, cool.
as to video i/o hardware, consider for starters, black magic design's intensity product.
it is cheap.
with this, you can capture full 1080x1920 video to apple's pro res via hdmi to an inexpensive firewire 800 drive (do not bother with usb or firewire 400 if you want to be thinking hd,) and suddenly, with consumer cameras, you have the ability to do a show, better than film students with 16mm film.
the bit of it: you have to carry your mac to each location to digitize.
but you're young.
regular hdmi cables are okay to about 25 feet.
hdmi extenders from gefen would help with keeping you in a room or truck.
the intensity board will also let you attach a cheap 1080x1920 monitor (well, tv, as sony's pro 23 inch lcd is more than $20,000,) like the backlit dlp's from samsung, where 50+ inches of 1080 are under $1,000.
use the cinema mode for editing, as it seems the most accurate.
did i mention that with the intensity card, you can live switch two hd cameras and capture to pro res?
you just hafta have two intensity cards.
finally, associate yourself with independent filmmakers as their post solution, and toil away until you get good.
the other way to do this is to try to get an assistant editor job somewhere, but the desktop has killed a lot of assistant jobs.
best of luck richard brown
