battle has provided an excellent overview of the current product line and features....all very sound advice.
i do not disagree with anything he stated.
-- now to play devils advocate..........as a mac user, business owner and (most important) tv producer...i am going to offer you a slightly different perspective.
-- as a new self-admitting entry into the world of pro video editing...it will take some time to develop your skills to the point that you are deriving significant income off of your projects.
your skills will take time to develop and it will take significant time to find people willing to hire you on a regular basis.
(est 1-3 years for most people seeking to derive significant income from the venture.
significant = greater than $20k a year.)
time being the critical factor...and budget also seeming to be an issue....remember that as you start out...having the latest/greatest does you no good if you don't have knowledge/skills/experience on the software to leverage the full power of the software/machine.
not an insult...just pointing out that you have a lot of ground to cover as a newbie into this field.
without classes or intensive training/internship with practical application workflow every day...it may take you a year or two to develop fcp skills to the point that you are an efficient editor/producer.
that stated...save your money now.
buy the least expensive dual processor (core duo) machine you can find....max it to 3 or 4 gb of ram...and get a good external usb 2.0 drive for (video data.)
keep your firewire port open for hooking a dv camera to it...or a bidirectional dv firewire converter box for monitoring your edit on a tube monitor/tv.
buy a decent camera...some wireless mics and a few lights...depending on your intended subject matter.
point being: by the time you really need a machine with some oomph...you should have developed your skills to the point that you actually do need the horsepower....and at that point...you should have the client base established to be able to afford a quad or 8 processor macpro.
our interns begin their work on a fcp equipped core duo mac mini.
(dual 1.8 with 3gb ram) fyi--that was a sub-$750 purchase for us when we got it.
the interns stay on that machine for roughly 3-6 months of intensive training...until they have mastered most of the basics of fcp editing.
they then continue to use it for their introductory after effects training.
yes...it is slow(er)...but even these low end machines today run circles around the top end machines from just a few years ago.
good luck.
