brandon: thanks for the very detailed post.
basically i need a new desktop pc which i would use to do word processing; web surfing; email; and quicken financial.
i'm not into gaming; i don't plan to make any videos or do any digital photography but would like to one day buy myself a digital camera except i can't seem to make up my mind on which digital camera to buy.
i would like a full sized camera; something like my old minolta freedom zoom 90 which died on me earlier this year after 15 years of dependable service.
i did post a question in the digital camera forum but got more confused by all the recommendations which i received so i've put off buying a digital camera for now.
my focus now is on purchasing a new desktop pc.
i wish i knew how to build a new computer but unfortunately i don't but i do know some things that i would want my new desktop pc to have.
can't decide between an intel or athlon processor and which speed of processor i should select.
can't decide between single core or dual core.
i've decided on windows xp home w/sp2 as my os.
i've also been told to get a recovery cd for the os.
a hard drive size of anywhere from 80gb to 160gb.
computer memory of at least 512mb to no more than 1gb.
i've read that 2 optical drive bays are better than one so i'm considering a dvd rom in drive bay #1 and a dvd burner in drive bay #2. does it matter in which order you have the drive bays?can you have the burner in bay #1 and the reader in bay #2 or should the reader be in the first bay and the burner in the second bay?
i guess i could get by with integrated video and audio motherboard; i don't have a clue on this item.
although considered to be outdated by many i still want a floppy drive installed.
i'm not sure about a media card reader or not.
i would like a 56k dial-up modem installed.
i also want whatever needs to be installed for high speed internet such as dsl or cable modem.
as far as a power supply; i've read that i should go with nothing less than 400 watts; which brand to go with; i don't have a clue.
the number of fans that the case should have and the size of the fans; again i don't have a clue.
i'd like connections on the front of the computer case to plug in a digital camera rather than to plug it in on the back of the computer case.
i have configured desktops so many times i should know everything to list here but suddenly my mind has gone blank.
if i forgot to list something i'm sure you'll let me know.
again; thanks for your post.
big steve biloxi, mississippi 07/16/06
