after reading many of the posts here i see there are many concerns over security of documents stored in the cloud and i would like to expand on this a little further.
first, security of you data should always be a concern whether you use cloud storage or not and i would not treat one any differently than the other.
if you have any data that you would not want to lose or see on facebook or youtube then you should take extra steps to protect it whether you are storing it on your computer, on a server, on a nas device or in the cloud.
if your data is subject to hippa or other regulations, then you also need to further protect this data.
use your own password protection and encryption.
if i look at the average computer user, who typically does not have a lot of technical knowhow, their data is probably a lot safer in the cloud than it is on their own computer.
these users are typically the ones that let their antivirus software expire, did not setup their wireless router correctly, do not know how to implement a firewall and probably do not have any backup system in place or if they do there is a good chance that it is either not working correctly or stopped worked years ago.
they are also the ones that have had their aol, gmail or yahoo accounts compromised because of a weak password.
i don't say this because i want to put anyone down but rather to prove a point.
say what you want, but their data is probably saver in the cloud.
having personally well over 10,000 service calls under my belt, to date, i do not know of a single person that has lost or had data stored in the cloud compromised, yet... (not including email accounts).
but i have had plenty of people lose documents stored on their computer because of a hard drive failure or by simply deleting them by mistake.
i have many others lose or have stolen their entire laptop, ipad or smart phone and i have had numerous nas devices fail (especially buffalo drives) as well as plenty of external usb drives go bad if you take the time to create secure passwords (and change them often), setup multiple working backup systems, and implement additional encryption or password protection for sensitive data, then i really see no reason for concern.
yes anyone of these companies could go belly up in the morning but so could your computer, that is what backups are for.
dana wayland computer
