i have used ink kits for ink refills for lexmark cartridges with very good results, provided i print out every day a test page or other material.
i am now using a kit called iprint with no problems (i have used up all the ink in the kit in some 3 or 4 refills) so long as i follow the rule of a printout everyday.
i used, in the distant past, a kit called universal inkjet refill system.
the results with it were equal to or better than the iprint kit.
a refill kit consisting of plastic bellows with attached needle filled with ink from wal-mart was a disaster.
the iprint i found at target; the universal kit was some time ago advertised by cvs at something like $10 for three 25 ml bottles of ink.
included was a syringe, bottle of solvent, and instructions.
the iprint kit is essentially the same as the universal kit.
i have also tried the technique of pulling out the cartridge and setting it on a wet paper towel to get the ink flowing after a time of no use.
this works very well.
however, after several removals and replacements of the cartidge a ridge locking the cartridge in place broke off and the cartridge would no longer lock in place.
under those conditions a replacement cartridge was needed.
i have used a tool which i made consisting of a strip of metal about three-quarters-inch wide with a layer of felt cemented to it.
this tool i use to soak the bottom of the cartridge while in place without removal.
the lexmark cartridge can be parked in place at the center-front of the carriage permitting the water-soaked felt strip to be slipped under; a minute or less of soaking is generally enough to get the ink flowing.
this also worked well.
i have used a remanufactured cartridge in one case and gotten satisfactory results.
there will always be one that will not perform well, or will leak ink, or show other problems.
in the one case, the first cartridge did not work and the supplier replaced it without charge.
remanufactured cartridges save only little in cost and it is a turkey shoot to get a satisfactory replacement.
in my view, the difference in cost between a new cartridge, a remanufacture cartridge, and a refill system is totally in favor of the refill and i intend to go looking for a universal kit shortly.
good luck, sick of bush
