this was my first pc..a p4 1.8ghz..256 mbs ram..home edition sp1.. a fat32 system drive..30-gbs..mcafee security..it was a nice pc.. .. i pulled the hdd first/added a maxtor 120-gb diamondmax[ntfs]file system..added a second ram chip for 512mbs of ram..and the microsoft cd came out for sp2..so my home edition was raised to sp2..how-ever..i also added the xp-professional upgrade cd(sp2)..and this is where i began to develop &quot;complications&quot;.. .. so..for a dell dimension 2350 i would suggest the latest sp2 xp full version operating system..no upgrades or sp2 cds.. then 512 mbs of ram..that motherboard runs really slow ram(133mhz)if my memory serves me..that's a problem in these times with huge updateing services..my updates have doubled in 6-years.. .. so your running all day with a shut-down problem.. i suggest you slow down on shutting down.. first..getting to the desktop..signing off the internet.. use the disk clean up program..but wait about 30-seconds before clicking the icon(shortcut)..let it run..get back to the desktop..click the start-menu..click...turn-off computer..now wait until the desktop darkens before clicking turn-off computer..and that should work..otherwise/yes some device is still running..because of your hardware acceleration..the pc can't handle the needs of the programs and hardware..its time to drop some things.. like a digital sound card(return)to your integrated sound card.. remove video software..your pc is obsolete for video..and even dvd-rom..if you had upgraded to dvd-rom..you might want to put the cr-rom and cdrw back in the machine.. .. this was a solution to some of my problems.. my dell dimension 2350 was upgraded to a newer motherboard and processor and faster ram.. but i purchased a dell 1100-series de051..that had numorious problems because of hardware acceleration-due to the dvd drives..and video applications..also dell delivered a machine with the wrong ram module..once that was replaced/i pulled the drives and used the old dimension cd drives and used the de051 dvd drives in the upgraded 2350..in the de051 i dropped the hardware acceleration-one notch..viola'..one spectacular internet pc.. .. if your dell dimension 2350 is all original..i can almost assure you its obsolete..but would suggest you just slow down on shut-downs..let your desktop---darken..and then click---turn off.
