as i see, nothing never got to work as supplied.
it's not uncommon for them to ship parts that were returned and thus restocked maybe after simple testing.
such practices are done to allow actual use of returned parts rather than jump immediately into the new stock or its used when parts aren't readily available.
you never got this to work as intended.
considering the time passed, it maybe better to return the whole items and start fresh elsewhere.
which is why i mentioned, nothing may resolve the problem(s) if you remain with any old part as only totally new(brand new).
the conflicting results just confuse the matters which as a tech, i would start from the beginning all over again.
you're proving that this setup doesn't work so for, thus bit-tech recommendation is not working well.
psus(750w) also have the &quot;split rail&quot; design intended to spread the load around.
if any device exceeds one rail, it overloads it, even though the total of power is capable, its that power leg that got zapped.
again, i mentioned, spread the load, by plugging from various connections and/or.
the video card uses 195w at peak and recommends you use at least 500w.
i'm sure you're old 450w is single rail design and is pushing its limits but all you did was power it up.
if you it going, i'm sure later it would falter.
the 750w has 4-rails of 12v/40w(from specs) and based on that alone may not be a good match.
i suggest you get all the specs of all devices/components and then add it all up and compare to see what you really need.
at this stage of the game and what you intend to do, you're in the more demanding mode of power levels just to get things going and sustained use isn't going to help due to heat stress.
goto:  and use their power calculator, etc.
and get and match there.
you can query them as well.
you'll find what top $ buys too.
read the advise they provide, its good reading.
imho, i think you're building a very demanding top-end pc that so far hasn't all the matched parts required.
tada -----willy
