any type of drive can fail.
this is why it is always so important to back up your data.
but regarding ssds, while they do have limited mean write cycles, these are not actual limits but more like the mtbf (mean time between failure) figures for hdds -- sometimes they fail sooner, sometimes later.
and the number of write cycles on sdds are pretty high and should accommodate years of use on a typical home system.
but i do not use an ssd for my data, although they would be well suited for dead storage if it weren't for their high price per gigabyte.
i use my ssds instead for my windows o/s and my application binaries.
i store my data, including my application data, on a fast hdd.
see, windows 8 and windows 7 do very little writing and rewriting once they are initially installed, and the same is true of most application binaries.
these files for the most part are only read, with the only writing/rewriting being done during o/s updates and when you install new and updated software.
in this way you get all the benefits of their blazing speed while minimizing the risk of having them fail because they have run out of cycles.
of course, most laptops don't let you install multiple drives.
but then, if you store data on a laptop it is particularly important to keep it backed up, because there are so many additional risks associated with laptops that desktops don't experience.
for example, i never heard of anyone leaving their desktop computer on a subway, or dropping it onto the floor.
and they are seldom used for particularly write-intensive applications like databases.
i would not recommend using an ssd for highly write-intensive uses, like operational databases.
i have had an ssd (an ocz vertex 3 max iops 120 gb) installed for well over a year now on a computer i pound heavily all day long, first under windows 7 and then upgrading it to windows 8. it has performed flawlessly, and the fine freeware application &quot;open hardware monitor&quot; reports that it has &quot;100.0% life remaining.&quot; i wish i could say the same for myself!
i'm completely sold on the things, particularly with the prices dropping so rapidly.
nothing i have ever done to any computer at any time has sped up computers as much as installing one of these.
i will never again build a computer without one.
