i've recently put up a new computer on a wireless network, and i'm having some problems.
i'm a complete ignoramus when it comes to this stuff, so i need all the help you can give me!
here's some info for starters: there are two computers on the network, one is an xp computer which is wired directly to the internet, it's on an intel pro/100 network adapter (forget exactly which model, can check if it's important).
i've seen this computer get download speeds of up to 1500 kb/s from megaupload.
the router i'm using is a netgear wpn824 (with a firewall built into it, i *think*), and we're on a cable broadband isp.
the network is secured with a password.
the other computer is on vista and is connected wirelessly, it's using a broadcom 802.11g card.
trend micro pc-cillin is installed and the firewall is turned on (set to &quot;wireless mode&quot;) and windows firewall is turned on as well.
if there's anything else that needs to be said i can find out, that's all that comes to mind as relevant atm however.
here are the problems i'm having: #1: internet connection is slow, slow, slow!
i understand wireless will always be somewhat slower, but download speeds from the internet are never more than 10 kb/s.
usually about 5 kb/s (hundreds of times slower than the wired one).
i would hope this is not normal and can be fixed.
the weird thing is that it doesn't seem to be a problem of signal strength.
when i go to the network and sharing center, it lists the signal strength as excellent (all five bars green) and speed as 18.0 mbps.
again, i don't expect it to be as fast as wiring it directly to the modem, but this is just unbearable.
#2: getting the xp computer to show up on the network from the vista computer.
i have gotten it to show up a few times (by downloading what was recommended in the sticky) but then it will stop showing up again.
sometimes it shows up, sometimes it doesn't.
#3: getting file transfers to work, even when it does show up.
i have been able to transfer one file of about 3 mb from the xp to the vista, but larger files will give me a &quot;preparing to copy&quot; message which stays up for about 15 minutes with no progress before giving me a message which says something like &quot;copy failed, make sure you're connected to the network&quot; (even though the connection hasn't failed).
any info to help with any of the problems would be most welcome, but the internet speed has to be top priority.
also, i would prefer some solution that doesn't require i buy anything else, but if that just isn't possible at all, i'd like to know about those other solutions as well...
