owc macsales.com is my favorite for ram.
however, saying that, i did find apple branded ram for my c2d imac, on ebay of all places.
be sure to also p/u applecare, a must for a portable.
you can find it for less $ by doing a search via dealmac.com or checking at: smalldog.com, macsales,com, macmall.com, powermax.com and again, ebay.
are you sure you must have anything windows on your new mac?
there are so many great mac apps now.
i find many pc users who switch to mac, and run off and get parallels, vm fusion, etc., end up hardly using them, if ever.
neooffice.org and openoffice.org for office/word substitute another option is to use what you have via crossover.
&quot;crossover mac allows you to install many popular windows applications and games on your intel os x mac.
crossover includes an easy to use, single click interface, which makes installing windows software simple and fast.
once installed, your application integrates seamlessly in os x. just click and run your application directly from the os x finder.
clicking a windows file or document including email attachments will launch the appropriate windows program, allowing you to work on the files.
best of all, you do it all easily and affordably, without needing a microsoft operating system license.
adding new windows software is easy.
just place your install cd in your intel mac, and crossover will recognize it and offer to begin the installation process.
crossover then completes the installation and configures your application to run on your mac.&quot; the catch is that crossover doesn't run every windows program, and some programs that do run, run with flaws.
however, crossover reportedly does work very well for many people.
you can check out program compatibility on this page:  crossover mac's developers have posted a detailed description of what the program is and is not here:  codeweavers, inc. ceo jeremy white pledges that: &quot;if you decide to purchase crossover mac (even without reading the long description provided in the link above), and feel that you did not receive a fair value, we will refund your money, no questions asked.&quot; for more information, visit:  new user links - apple service private learning:  *switch from pcs?
-  -  *basics: -  -  -  -  -  -  -  made4mac products:  *check out:  and  and,  and:  *  more:  and  *david pogue's, the missing manual series are indispensable!
make sure to get the correct version for your particular os!
panther, tiger, & leopard.
there is an edition just for switchers, too.
