first as some have mentioned, heat build-up internally is the biggest factor next to quality of the drive in a preassembled enclosure and then handling.
avoid knocks an movement when runing or powered on!!
what i have not seen mentioned is that in the case of 3.5&quot; drives which are nearly all 7200rpm get quite hot even in your tower cases which usually have adequate cooling.
but in the external enclosures only 1 out of 20 will have a cooling fan and vents built-in.
no cooling fan then life will be very short and 99% cause of failure!
as for the aluminum cases claiming they self cool being heat sunk is totally rubbish.
if you examine them few if any have the drive mounted to the external case directly.
they are usually mount on some sliding plate which is inserted into the case and that is not even remotely close to the cooling needed and some on rubber or other heat isolating material.
a heavy highly conductive mount is required and the four screws themselves are not enough to transfer the heat outwards to the case and air.
if you are building you own which i have done in all but one instance i have used vented metal cases or a convection heated plastic case (vents top and bottom allowing heat to flow out and cool air to enter at the bottom so their is no build-up).
bytecc used to make a few well cooled aluminum cases with an 80mm fan and even they can get quite warm after hours of running.
use a quality drive (brand name, eg seagate, fujitsu, wd which is backed for 3 years or more) until recently the seagate warranty was 5 years and was always my choice along with their high performance chipsets.
using a model with a dual voltage power supply rather than a single voltage ac adapter in which 12v in is also converted to 5v internally.
i prefer an external dual voltage power supply since the ps heat is outside the chassis.
if it is well cooled an internal switching power supply (has a 110vac input cable) would also be good.
bottom line is the chassis must have vents for the heat to get out and cool air to get in.
the fan moves the air and if its convection as i believe nextec makes some.
hot air rises so don't expect air transfer if you lay it on the side.
many preassembled solutions are quite unreliable for long term use and the drive oems used are not industry leaders, simply cheap storage.
the longer you run them the hotter they get especially if reading or writing data.
this generates much more heat then when idle.
pay a bit more and you'll have many years of service from your external drive.
