i too am havin sata ide troubles i recently bought a new seagate barracuda 7200rpm, 320gb, sataii (limited to 1.5g/s) drive.
upon putting it into my computer several things started to happen &gt;my root drive (ide barra) now wont load windows xp even after a format reinstall.
it freezes at the windows loading screen.
&gt;i formatted and partitoned the sata drive wiv the disk writer program from seagate, and now the sata switches between being one partition or the three partitions that i set out in disk writer.
neither of this partitions let me install windows as they say it cant read the sata drive.
&gt; the third thing that i found really weird was that when i reinstalled windows onto the ide barra, it installed on not one but two partitions in the barra.
so it installed onto c: and put a windows folder on d: as well as the stuff already there.
that just blew my mind so i thought i better get sum help &gt;i think it could be sumthing wiv the mother board the ga k8vm800m only supports the sata in later versions of it's drivers and i need to install sata drivers before windows installation (pressing f6 and stuff).
also i've updated the bios drivers and according to other forums should have stopped the sata troubles.
&gt;ive tried setting the ide to primary slave and cable select but none have changed the results.
&gt;i also often get different results using the same settings, so im thinking it could be a reading problems.
&gt; i've also tried reinstalling xp wivout the sata which works until i put the sata in and windows wont even start up on the ide, this makes me think that there may be conflict between the drives as well, sorta like master and slave but over sata and ide.
im not sure how that works wiv the two different drives.
ill put sum of my system specs up ga k8vm800m bios updated to f8 athlon 64 3000+ 1gb ram (i think kingston)( not that ram is really gunna matter) baracuda 80gb 7200rpm ide barracuda 320gb &200rpm sata ive removed everything else (running on integrated graphics).
im desperate guys, i've run out of ideas thanks babs
