well the whole mac thing is turning out to be a disaster.
leave it up to me to turn something that i hear is so good into a problem.
first off the help i got was through a sales guy on their applestore.com chat.
i could not get through to sales or customer support or one apple sales guy said i needed tech to help me but they would not.
after i ordered everything i thought i would need (vmfusion one of the items) they started shipping my things one at a time.
since i used my home address as the shipping address and have a small business at another location, i thought; &quot;oh my heck, what did i do.&quot; yes i went through fedex with no help.
yes, i tried the form from apple where you can give a location to place the items.
i have no idea who my neighbor is.
there is one lady who lives close and i have never met her.
my front and back door are wide open to view so i knew getting the deliveries was going to be a problem.
i tried to get some help from apple but was unable to.
one person would tell me i needed to talk to this department and that department said i need to talk to this department.
can you imagine an order totaling $4000 with 5 items not including the mbp and they ship one item at a time?
how inefficient.
i understand the whole; &quot;well, they come from different locations..&quot; explanation.
but you think they would make it clear as filtered water that this is how your order is going to ship before you press the &quot;submit&quot; icon.
i am at my business 7 days a week for at least 12 hours every day.
all accessories have shipped except guess what?
yea the computer.
so the return policy as far as 15 days, will not apply because i have not even received an e-mail saying it is on its way.
the other items took 5-7 days to get here.
fedex would not help me with a smaller window of time because they said they use an outside service and do not have the information i need.
i could not get help anywhere i went on the apple store.com website and when i called sales they said i needed customer service so they transferred me.
they said i need tech support so i was transferred and waited 30 minutes before i hung up.
i finally found an e-mail address so i explained my situation and the reply was from a nice lady at a service called imac.
this is for people who have a mac or purchase this extra support.
so, the help i got from the chat window on the website has been the best but still was not good.
the gateway that died was 8 years old and i have not stayed up on the latest tech lingo.
i do some online wellness coaching so i need a wireless double ear headset with a mic, preferably one that is connected to the headset.
the guy on the chat told me what to order and stupid me did not look at it first (except the reviews) and got the bose headset but it is wired.
it is not wireless and does not have a wrap around mic to do the coaching.
they want to charge me a restocking fee and to pay for the shipping back.
so that other program you mention i have never heard of.
that is so interesting because i have been using 4 forums for 9 months trying to decide what to purchase.
the thinkpad t61 was the first notebook but it went right back.
talk about complicated and bothersome programs that every second wanted me to sign up.
it looked like a nice machine but too bad it seemed ruined with all the ad ware/malware.
i was even able to go wireless and have it secured using a hot spot close to my home.
that is what i was hoping i could do with the extreme base station, but at pc world, they are telling me that base station is not for that.
so, maybe i did not even need the base station.
the reviews sounded like it was exactly what i needed.
i need to be able to sometimes have a wireless connection and sometimes have a cable high speed connection.
i need to be able to hook up a laser printer, copier, scanner (all separate machines) using a wireless connection.
i was told the extreme base station would allow for this.
so, i am waiting for the computer.
i finally used the fedex/apple signature release form and checked &quot;back door&quot; and added to put the boxes inside the door if they do not see anybody looking.
i never thought they would do it but they did.
so i have the extreme base station (which it sounds like i do not need), mighty mouse, a black neoprene sleeve, and the vmfusion, and the bose headset.
everything but the computer.
i am still confused on what i need to pay for in regards to an internet connection with the base station.
if anybody makes it this far in the post and can make it simple for me, i would appreciate it.
i need to be able to sometimes go online using a more secure connection like a cable high speed ethernet connection and sometimes i would like to go wireless.
and i would like to go wireless at home.
i do not understand why it is so easy at hot spots and sound so complicated to have both of these options at home and what i need to order or ask for from the provider so they do not pull me in to paying for a service i do not need.
have a great weekend!
!
