the e6420 (which is the cpu for that new gateway you found) isn't in the same class as the 6000+.
so the 6000+ is better than the e6420, but it is only better because that isn't the card the e6420 was meant to compete with.
the point i'm making is that intel processors are smarter choices, in general, than the amd processors because they out-perform the amds in every price range.
furthermore, the e6750's system cache is twice the size of the 6000+'s cache.
here is a comparison of all the (top end) intel and amd processors currently available:  that graphics card will be okay for now, but you will probably want to upgrade to a better one later.
i would also upgrade the memory if i were you.
it is 2gb, so there's now problem there, but the speed is at 533mhz, and i would suggest getting memory (either one 2gb stick or two 1gb sticks) that run at 800 mhz.
what you can do is get this pc for now, and when you're ready, upgrade the processor, memory, and graphics card later.
compusa (most websites where you buy a pre-built computer from a major company such as gateway, dell, compaq, etc won't tell you what motherboard) doesn't say what kind of motherboard (the motherboard is so named because it is what contains the processor, video card(s), ram, the chipset, and small, but important circuitry intrinsic to your pc's operation) is has, but i doubt this stock motherboard will be able to handle the upgrades you will make later on.
so, purchasing a higher quality graphics card will most likely require you to purchase a higher quality motherboard as well.
i would suggest reading some wiki articles about these things in order to familiarize yourself.
it probably isn't as complex as you think.
as for the monitor, you didn't state your price range, but tigerdirect .com (just sent me their weekly newsletter with special product prices)does have a nice 22 inch widescreen lcd for just $220 (  ).
but there are other sites you can check out to see the lowest prices on every pc part you can think of (  is my personal favorite).
if you're a gamer, i wouldn't suggest a monitor smaller than 19&quot; though.
i would go with this (if you're not going to pay $220+ for a larger monitor)  or their cheapest 19&quot; monitor:  remember though, some monitors aren't designed for overly high quality graphics so you'll have to keep tabs on that as you upgrade your video card as well.
