hello, i have a sony vaio with a pentium ii processor, 320 mgs of ram, i put a new 60g maxtor ata hard drive in about a year ago and installed windows xp and have been very happy with the setup, with the exception of the slow processor.
i recently aquired an ibm pc with a pentium iii, a 30g hard drive and 256 mgs of ram.
my question is, how do i move the 60g hard drive that's all set up with xp, then make the 30g hard drive a slave?
i tried just removing the 30g hard drive, putting in the 60, then going into bios and &quot;auto detecting&quot; hard drives, but it wouldn't boot up.
i tried several different things, manually changing the setting in bios to make the new drive the master, etc, that didn't work.
then i gave up, put the 30g drive back in the ibm and decided to try installing xp on the 30g drive (successfully), then transfering everything over via serial cable using the &quot;transfer files & settings&quot; wizard that comes with xp and neither pc could detect the other after a couple of hours of trying.
after i tried that, i restarted the ibm with the 30g drive with the recently installed xp and it says that i have to activate xp, or i won't be able to log on to windows.
there was a message that would come up saying that i had 30 days to activate, right before i attempted the transfer.
i am wondering if the reason i can't transfer everything, is because i have xp on both pcs installed from the same disk.
i don't plan to ever use the sony again, other than for parts, so i shouldn't be violating microsoft's policy on having xp installed on more than one pc.
after rethinking everything, i think that the optimal setup would be to use the 30g drive as the master and the 60g as the slave for storage, but at this point, i would settle for anything that gets the ibm up and running with all of my settings, files, etc, from the old pc.
i can't afford to take them to a repairman to have them switched (that's why i am upgrading to a pc with a pent iii in the first place...boldly stepping into the 90s!
), plus i'm a diy type of a guy and want to learn to do it myself.
btw, i changed the jumpers on the drives to the appropriate position with each attempt.
any advice would be much, much appreciated!!
!
