hello there!
in short: i'm selling a computer i built for just the cost of the parts (plus shipping and paypal fees of course).
the final value is exactly $978.70.
i'm making no profit off of this - you can almost consider it a favor because i spent time both building and overclocking it to my high standards.
my story: ive been making computers for myself, my friends, and family for a considerable amount of time.
in fact, i refuse to own any computer that doesnt have my stamp of quality on it.
one of my friends wanted me to build him a custom machine, so i got the parts and made it.
unfortunately, due to financial troubles, he was unable to complete the transaction.
so now i have an amazing computer and a wallet exactly $978.70 lighter.
im leaving for the university of california at berkeley in three days; bringing this computer is not an option.
computer specs: we attempted to sell the computer on ebay at a profit on an old account with some positive feedback but were unable to due to the incredibly restricted time period.
in the future we intend to go commercial, but at this moment that is not an immediate concern.
here is the listing if you want more in depth info about our computer including warranty etc:  you would only pay exactly $978.70 + paypal fees and shipping.
specs at a glance: operating system: windows xp home case: antec 900 motherboard: asus p5k se video card: evga 8800gt processor: intel core 2 duo e8400 overclocked to 4.0 ghz (absolutely stable!)
ram: 4gb ocz reaper 800 cpu cooler: tuniq tower 120 sound card: sound blaster audigy se 7.1 hard drive: 250 gb 7200 rpm barracuda power supply: ocz gamexstream 600w optical drive: 20x cd/dvd reader/burner with lightscribe our computer can run crysis on high settings on a 22 inch monitor with no issues.
world of warcraft runs at a fabulous 200 fps, climbing up to 300 fps in some areas.
video editing, dvd burning, audio editing, and multitasking are no problem.
contact info: feel free to contact me at our ebay email address seinnovation01@gmail.com if youre interested.
from there, i can provide a phone number, aim, or whatever else you need to ensure a smooth transaction.
