no, i bought the full home version of xp about a year ago (at staples, i think) and installed it on a brand new maxtor 60g hard drive that i put in my sony vaio.
i had the understanding that as long as i was just upgrading to a newer machine and i used the same hard drive from the old pc and the old machine would not have that same version of xp, it would not violate the license agreement.
of course, i could be wrong about that though.
i don't even plan to use the vaio for anything but parts, in fact, it won't even have a hard drive once i get this problem worked out.
i hope that doesn't violate the agreement, because it doesn't seem fair to me that i paid around $250 for the full version of xp and a year later, i have the oportunity to put a better pc together using the same drive that version of xp was originally installed on and i may be expected to shell out another $250 (or more) for another new os.
i think if that's the case, i'll save my money and get a mac, just so i'm not putting anymore money in bill gates' pocket!
if i have to buy another os, that will put the total for this little project almost high enough that i could have just bought a brand new pc that would be much better anyway.
i'll check out those articles you posted and see if they will help, if not, i guess i'll just have to break down and call microsoft and see if they can help me get it worked out.
the problem with that is, i understand that they charge something like $35 for that call and that doesn't neccessarily guarantee the problem will get solved.
i really don't have the money to do that, that's why i came here for help instead.
i just had a thought...is there a chance that the password it's asking for is actually the product key code that comes with the windows disk?
maybe i'll give that a shot, i've got nothing to lose but the time it will take to do it.
anyway, i really do appreciate the help you have given me, it's very nice of you to take the time to help somebody else out like that, thanks.
