hp and compaq desktop pcs - obtaining a recovery cd or dvd set 1: create a set of recovery discs or a recovery dvd 2: order recovery cds on the web  3: contact support this document pertains to recovery discs for hp and compaq desktop pcs.
this document provides information about obtaining recovery discs.
note: hp pavilions that ship with windows xp do not always come with recovery cds.
instead, they use a hidden space (partition) on the hard drive to store the recovery information.
using a hidden partition provides a convenient, more stable recovery process.
1: create a set of recovery discs or a recovery dvd some hp and compaq computers have recovery cd creator software that can create a recovery disc set or dvd.
to see if your computer has recovery creator software, click start, all programs, hewlett-packard or compaq, and then hp pavilionpc tools or compaq presario pc tools.
open the software and follow the on-screen directions to create the recovery discs.
for more information, read the hp support document is available creating recovery cds using hp's recovery cd creator software (in english).
2: order recovery cds on the web to order cds on the web, perform the following steps.
costs are minimal and only cover the cost of manufacturing and shipping.
note: a credit card or paypal is required for ordering recovery discs.
enter the model name (for example, 533w, 5002us, or xe735).
the model name is located on a sticker that is stuck to the case of the pc.
click the appropriate model name from the list that appears.
if more than one model name appears, refer to the product number or part number on the identification sticker on the back of the pc.
note: the recovery cd set or dvd is matched to specific pc models.
it is important to select the correct model name or an error can occur when using them.
select recovery kit from the by keyword dropdown.
write down the part number of the recovery kit for future reference.
type the quantity of recovery kits you wish to order (1) into the qty field of the recovery kit part number.
if you can not select any quantity, then a recovery kit is not available for the computer.
click order selected parts and then read and fill out all of the screens that appear.
3: contact support you should try to use the methods above to create or order recovery cds or dvds.
if you have tried the steps above and failed, contact hp customer care .
hp customer care may be able to send out new discs or replace defective versions depending on your situation if your computer is under warranty.
out of warranty replacement kits are available at 1 800 496 6127 at a cost of 27.00.
