if you purchase a high wattage psu it will run cooler if it does not draw its max/on the wattage side..i'm not a gamer but have read some of their suggestions and 600-watts seems the minimum.. .. the vista home premium..i personally consider the xp-professional a better os..as a fast os..but who knows where xp is going(??)..
i might consider a business version of vista..but check w/microsoft on gaming.. .. dual layer-dvd burner../do you do digital photography(??
)..plus you'll need a dl-dvd home player for the television set..you might want to do away w/dl for standard dvd-combo.. .. as far as the rest of your list#.. your really just going to have to build the darn thing and find out for yourself.. .. that's why i chose intel products..for my first pc-build.. even intel declares a pc-build risky.. .. i would come up w/a second system.. for gaming.. ..750-watts psu..120-gb system drive..no partition..ram for gaming(don't know)but kingston makes a hyper-x ram(gaming ram).. xp-professional os.. run a single...dvd-combo drive/my toshiba dvd-combo is a &quot;screamer&quot;.. .. check on the sata over ata hd..the differance is really the cable(it)eliminates the interferance between other hardware inside the tower/the flat-data cable is a emitter of frequencies..and sata allows for multiple hdd's inside the tower.. .. i know nothing about video cards/but have read that they can damage equipment because they are output devices.. and the configuration problems i have encountered in my pc projects often have settings going out of configuration..since i'm not gaming..i only need to make an adjustment..no damage.. what's the new vista going to do too your video card settings..?
?..do settings-chageing ruin the machine or external devices..??..
.. i would also suggest a metal tower...all metal..none of that plastic-stuff..i've seen tower-prices like $$40.00/i'd get metal for gaming.. .. it took me one month to research my first pc-build.. i actually had to purchase a cheapo' dell to complete my research.. i built it in about one hour.. but it was another month before i signed-on to my desktop.. .. there are odds/ends..here intel products might save you some grief.. but intel guarentees nothing..and suggests you only buy-boxed products..intel boxed/what-ever..it needs research..and lots of notes.
