hello!
here is the run down on the best buy in-store performance service plan.
the price of the service plan is relative to the price of the laptop.
the service plan allows for 1 free battery replacement for each year that you have the service plan.
(typically 3 years) as long as you say that the battery is not holding the charge that it did when you got it, you call the number on the pamphlet and they will ship you a new battery and you will turn in your old battery.
the service plan covers normal wear and tear, dust, heat, power surges, humidity, and all hardware.
the lcd screen is not covered which is logical, as about 90% of the cost of a laptop is the price of the screen.
if you have burnt out pixels or any other form of defect in the screen, that is covered.
if you punch your laptop in a fit of anger, that is not covered.
service plans take effect the day of purchase, not after the manufacturer's warranty ends.
if your laptop is a service-able item it will be shipped to the manufacturer, repaired, and shipped back to best buy at no additional cost.
if your laptop is not a service-able item, you will receive the original amount of money paid toward a new item.
even if the original price was 1000 and it is now 400, you will get the 1000. with the no-lemon policy, if (within the policy time constraint of 3 or however many years) you have any 3 problems repaired and you have a 4th problem, the item will be considered a &quot;lemon&quot; and you will be compensated with a comparable (but not better) item.
the plan also covers diagnostics as well as cleanings.
to me, the fact that the service plan includes a new battery each year as well as power surges is reason enough to get the service plan.
if you can put together the money to get the service plan, i would recommend it...and as far as that article that you referenced, no, i do not lie when selling the service plan.
i am a personal shopping assistant at bb and building a relationship with the customer is much more important to me than landing a &quot;big sale&quot;.
best buy is non-commissioned sales so there really is no point in lying about a service plan.
hope that this helps!
lindsey - ldrenckhahn@comcast.net
