hi, the answer to speeding up a pc is never simple, the specifics of the system often come into play but in a case like yours, here's where i'd look: 1) remove start-up items (all those software that start when you boot up your pc); they can cause major delay and memory load, thus slowing down your machine.
the basics you'll want to keep running when you start up are: antivirus, software firewall, drivers (video card or printer interfaces for example) 2) i know it sounds awful, but clean up your machine, i'm hoping you already keep it clean of viruses and adware... but just in case 3) add more ram, 194 megs of ram is very nice to run your basic windows me config, but once you get all of today's software installed and loaded up in memory, it's often not enough.
check your motherboard and max that out if you can to 512 or more megs of ram.
you should be in for about 40-50$ on ebay depending on the specs of your motherboard.
you must check which kind or get your local geek to do so if you don't know how.
most likely you'll be looking at sdram but find your motherboard model # (usually printed near the cpu) and type it in your favorite web search engine.
4) keep your hard drive well defragmented.
all windows versions come with a disk defragmenter.
not keeping a organized hdd is one of the most common reasons for computer sluggishness... it's like reading a book when all the pages are spread all over the floor.
keeping the bookpages in order usually makes it a lot faster to read a book, keeping your hdd in order will do the same.
5) keep windows and your other software installed on separate drives (install windows on your 6.4gb drive and most your other software on the 30gb drive) it's probably not an option at this time, as all your applications are most probably already installed, but keep it in mind if you ever need to start from scratch.
in order to get the benefits of this you will also need to switch your cables around in order to put your hdd on separate connections (cables).
bear in mind that you will not get as major an enhancement from this as you would with the other solutions.
i think that covers the basics.
btw, an amd 1.1 is more than ample processing power for most of today's basic user needs (including an upgrade to win2k or xp but don't expect to be able to get anything if you switch to vista, that ones gonna need a major system to run at all.)
don't expect any hardcore gaming capabilities, or to be editing long home videos, but if you're running web applications and office software, playing music and managing pictures, you'll have that machine running quickly enough for years to come.
hope it helps!
