problem/question: using the picture package auto video to transfer video images from the handycam to a computer and creating a video solution/answer: to transfer the video images from the handycam to a computer using the picture package software: 1. turn on the computer.
2. turn on the handycam and slide the power switch to play/edit mode.
note: * please use the supplied ac adaptor as the power source.
* the name of the power switch on the handycam varies depending on the model.
3. go to menu setting and set to usb stream.
note: the procedure of the menu settings varies depending on the model.
4. search for desired point on the tape to start copying.
5. connect the supplied usb cable to the usb jack of the handycam.
6. connect the other end of the supplied usb cable to the usb port of the computer.
the picture package menu screen appears automatically.
note: * usb mode appears on the lcd screen of the handycam.
* if the picture package menu does not screen appear, click start, programs, picture package, picture package auto video, picture package auto video.
the automatic video producer screen appears.
(please proceed to step 8.)
7. at the picture package menu screen, click automatic video producer.
the automatic video producer screen appears.
8. click music settings.
9. at the select music file setting, select the desired music and click ok. note: music can be selected from the music files stored in the computer or audio cd.
10. click effect settings.
11. at the select effects setting, select the desired effect and click ok. 12. click output settings setting, select the desired location to store the images.
note: if video cd is selected, insert a cd-r recording media into the cd-rw drive and click ok. cd-rws recording media cannot be used.
13. click start.
the movie is automatically copied from the handycam and is edited with selected music and effects.
14. when the recording is completed, a complete screen appears.
15. at the complete screen, click no.
note: to create another copy with the same content, click yes.
the video is now created in the desired output
