hopefully this is the right spot for this !
i'm hoping someone can read this and help me straighten this out.
any help is greatly appreciated !!
a quick background of the situation.
up until about 5-6 years ago we had a camera that took film and we got pictures developed and that was it!
since then we have a digital camera,smart phones, tablets and we take more pictures and video than ever!
i usually have to back up everyone's stuff from the phones and cameras .
some of these digital pics we print.
a lot of them we don't need to print, but we share and want to keep them.
now, everyone will be super angry if i ever lost anything so i've backed all up onto 2 usb hard drives and a copy on the computer.
i been doing a lot of sharing and backup through windows for a long time this way.
my problem is ,i have to make this simpler and more efficient.
i can fix a computer and i'm technical with stuff ,but i never did any real server/backup type things.
hopefully someone with experience and knowledge can steer me in the right direction ?
i was looking into freenas (raid) and amahi (greyhole) and i peeked at windows home server ( drive extender).
i've read a lot but i'm not sure which way to go.
maybe there is better options?
here's what i &quot;like&quot; to do :/ i have an available pc that's ready to be wiped and configured.
if a mac would be better for whatever reason ill get one.
but i like to keep the cost down.
i like to have an easy ( somewhat ) way for everyone to back up their own stuff ( in an organized fashion ) and have all info duplicated.
so if one hard drive fails the info is recoverable.
the raid weirds me out a little because if a drive fails do you need an exact same drive to replace?
same manufacturer ?
or just any drive that same size or bigger ?
that's where i was &quot;kinda&quot; liking &quot;greyhole and drive extender &quot; .
also a way to share anything local and remote.
oh if possible i would like to have another machine at a family members house where they can do the same and we can backup each others stuff remotely on a schedule ?
again i appreciate and help !
thank you !
!
