hi pete, i, too, was a late convert to lcd.
i couldn't see how a filter/reflective technology like lcd could possibly produce a better image than a light emitter like a crt.
in the early days of lcd, that was probably right but not now.
it's somewhat unusual to find a 19&quot; crt with a recommended resolution of 1024x768 (4x3), most non-widescreens above 17&quot; are 5x4 (1280x1024) but there you go.
one attribute of crts you have already discovered is that you can change the resolution and still get a good sharp image.
not so with lcds - the optimal image is always produced at native resolution.
if you need a different size, bigger text for instance, change the dpi, not the screen resolution.
that has some implications for you, since your current graphics card does not support the typical native resolutions (1920x1080) on a medium size screen.
you should probably consider updating your graphics card to one that supports the native resolution of the screen you choose - always assuming you are using a desktop or workstation - it would be extremely difficult and certainly uneconomic to upgrade a laptop.
there are still a few 4x3 lcds available, up to about 19&quot; but the native resolution will almost certainly be 1280x1024, which is worse than you are getting with your crt.
but most lcd screens nowadays are widescreen, either 16x9 or 16x10 format.
an lcd with a resolution less than its native resolution will produce an image that looks somewhat blurry, not ideal for cad work, i would think.
how an lcd behaves when the resolution of the graphics card is set higher than its native resolution (and with many, this isn't even possible) will depend on the screen/graphics card/driver combination.
results can vary from no image to scroll bars!
as to size, you are correct, in simple terms, for a given resolution, the bigger the screen, the bigger the pixels will be.
you can easily check this at your local tv store - look at a 60&quot; 1080p tv and a 32&quot; 1080p tv, the difference in pixel size will be obvious close up.
you could say (you did) that the bigger the screen, the further away you sit.
might work for tvs but on a computer, you actually need to be closer to the screen to use the mouse and keyboard.so i prefer to look at it the other way round, the distance you need to sit away from the screen will dictate the size of the screen you need.
at a rough guess (which could be wildly wrong!)
if you are happy sitting at your current distance from your crt, then you will probably be happy at the same distance from a 22-24&quot; lcd at a resolution of 1920x1080 but your mileage will vary.
if you like dell equipment like your current screen, i've seen some stunning images on a 24&quot; dell ultrasharp.
willy hit the nail on the head - you need to go to your local computer store and spend some time looking at various screens.
view them from the distance you have decided you want to sit to determine the screen size you want.
then compare the screens on offer at that size.
ask the store rep if you can change the resolution to something else and see whether that is acceptable to you or whether you are happier at native resolution.
if you are then look to get a new graphics card to match, preferably dvi or hdmi.
you don't say whether the screen is for work or a hobby - if work, then you will likely be sitting in front of this thing for up to 8 hours a day, so a few hours checking out possibilities is a great investment.
screens are just about the most subjective component of any computer system - what i like might make you ill, or vice versa!
good luck!
