xp home sp3 p4 2.8 2 gb ram 30 gb ide c drive, 100 ide gb slave drive (f), cd-rom rw ide master (d), dvd-rom rw sata master (e), floppy drive installed.
bios version is a12.
original was a7.
spring cleaning arrived, so i took system apart and canned air cleaned, put fresh paste on cpu (original paste), and opened the psu and canned air in there.
since i updated the bios about a year ago, i had both rom drives as bootable.
(lucky me) something changed about two months ago, as the cd-rom stopped booting as before.
the dvd still booted but i wanted to restore this functionality, so i disconnected the sata rom and the 100 gb ide drive (to prevent a drive letter change) as part of this project.
what prompted the cleaning was a change in power-on light behavior.
it recently started to flash a quick yellow for just a moment, then solid green power light.
computer ran perfectly until yesterday.
i also lost the dvd drive yesterday.
it would not see a disc when inserted any more.
nero said it lost communication with the light-scribe dvd drive and produced a window text error only.
disconnecting the two drives caused the a12 bios to start very slowly, normal operation post was done in seven seconds, now three minutes.
i removed the cmos battery to clear the settings and reinserted.
no change, except time and date had to be set.
boot order would not stick, default was hdd, floppy, cd-rom, no matter how many times i tried to reset as cd-rom, floppy, hdd.
would not work.
time and date did stick, though.
downloaded a new a12 bios patch from dell, ran it in windows, it restarted and waited an hour for it to finish.
never completed flash, so i powered down.
before i flashed the bios, the diagnostic lights a, b, c, in back of unit were green, d light was yellow (with the dvd and 100 gb hdd disconnected.)
i checked all drive connections, found ok. windows was still coming up, but the post was inordinately long.
now have a solid yellow power light and no post, no video, no beeps.
cd-rom does flash a couple of times, as does the hdd light, then stops, but then with all peripherals disconnected just a solid yellow power light.
(sigh) what happened?
can this be fixed?
