&quot;does xp allow for people who wish to use 1980's or early '90's monitors?&quot; i have my nec 3fge on such.
works for me.
&quot;my monitor is &quot;impression3 plus&quot; non interlaced&quot; i don't have one of those.
&quot;the display (& printout) is out of wack, for example a webpage can sprawl over 2 pages when it's supposed to be only one page.&quot; that's likely two issues.
the video card drivers which is not a microsoft issue but up to the video card maker to supply drivers for the display to use.
as to the printout, there is an interaction of display and printer drivers and even more the web browser may have a method to shrink the printout to one page.
to irk people a whole bunch (what english is that?)
html does not include any specifications that say what you get via the web should fit on a page.
never has!
you can learn all about html and more at  &quot;i've been trialling this old spare monitor, since i'd been experiencing acute electrosensitivity with the samsung syncmaster 151s lcd.&quot; i couldn't find that term in my webster.
so i'll just read the web about it.
hmm, i guess so, but i can't comment on this since i don't know anyone that has complained to me about this.
i've been in the pre-pc and pc business for over 2 decades.
seems to be a new problem?
&quot;i'm *definitely* experiencing less electrosensitivity with it than with the &quot;high-tech&quot; lcd.
with the latter, i'd sometimes wake up the next day with acute abdominal pains.
i suspect it's because i cannot adjust the syncmaster to be dimmer than a certain point.
anyone know whether there are any lcd manufacturers who *do* cater to photosensitivity by allowing the brightness to be turned very very very dim, the way dial knob crts are?&quot; i know a few people who put a filter over the screen to dim it further or some that put a polaroid filter for glare.
your choice, but early crts didn't cater to people much.
early technology is ... early.
best of luck finding your answers.
bob
