i'm trying to 'fix' an old clunker for a friend and although i have improved it somewhat, it is still the slowest piece of junk i've ever seen.
i've done several things to improve performance but might be out of luck with anything further.
the computer was like this when i started: 5-6 yr. old system by daewoo: amd duron 1.3 with windows xp home installed.
(no service packs) 40gig hd, 5400rpm, jumpered as cable select, ata100, ntfs format, no partitions.
96 mb ram (according to belarc) - supposed to be 128mb.
onboard audio, video, lan.
three pounds of dust and junk inside the case.
the computer had 'failed' and the owner took it to one of the locals who replaced the motherboard with a via technologies, inc., km266apro-835.
he got the system back, but could not get online again (dsl), so asked if i could re-install xp for him.
since he forgot to bring the xp disk with him and was going to be out of town for a week, i took a look at this slow-moving, overloaded clunker.
it is painfully slow to load the system and once loaded, each task is extremely slow.
opening a folder sometimes shows that flashlight icon, searching.
once screens are opened, closing them results in them closing top to bottom, not all at once.
double clicks are slow to respond.
overall, i think the system is really underpowered and not adequately equipped to handle xp.
a slow hard drive and a barely minimal amount of memory are the prime culprits here.
but, i tried to speed it up anyway.
as far as i remember, this is what i've done so far: cleared system of all junk files, tmp, bak, etc.
partitioned disk to c and d. c holding the os and programs only.
d for data only.
ran error-checking and defrag on both partitions.
dma checked.
(thanks, bob) reads udma 5. upgraded windows to sp2.
installed an ethernet card and got online, using my service.
downloaded new versions of avg, ad-aware and spybot s&e and ran them all.
found about 15 malwares.
ran online scan with trend-micro.
found one low-level malware.
installed powertools and increased speed of menu opening, etc.
minor tweaks.
ran memtest for quite awhile - no errors.
checked bios settings.
look okay, not being familiar with this board.
nothing 'jumped out' at me.
and, it's still running slowly!
i may have forgotten other things i've tried, but i've got two more days to play with this so i'm open to any suggestions.
