on saturday, i had comcast high speed internet installed in my apartment.
the modem i was given is a motorola surfboard sb5120 series, connected to my system via ethernet.
a few hours after the installation, i headed out to best buy and purchased the linksys wireless-g broadband router, model no.
wrt54gp2a-at.
this went with this router specifically for its voip capabilities with at&t callvantage.
after a weekend of tinkering, i've yet to be able to get it working.
when my cable modem is connected to my computer, everything works fine, but when i add the router to the mix, i can not access the internet.
initially i went through the linksys quick installation guide, step by step, power cycle to power cycle to get it going, but when i was finished and it was suppose to work, i would get the same t ppage cannot be displayed' message in ie every time.
thinking i may have missed something in the process, i reset the router to its factory defaults, and tried to run the setup wizard provided by linksys on cd.
i get towards the end every time, and then i receive an error message that the router is not able to connect to the internet, please turn the modem on/off, etc.
i tried to setup the router manually, but my network administration abilities are a bit lacking.
everything i found online seemed to indicate that for comcast, use the 'automatic configuration (dhcp)', then clone the mac address, and i would be good to go, but i've had no such luck.
when the modem is connected to the router, and the router is connected to the computer: the power led, wan led, and ethernet port led are all lit and constant.
the internet led, however, is flashing, as is the pc/activity led on the modem itself.
here is my ip configuration when the modem is connected directly to the computer:  here is my ip configuration after initializing the router setup:  here is the router status:  is there something i'm overlooking?
is this kind of configuration even possible with comcast?
i've stumbled across a few threads on different forums from last year with people having the same problems, but i was not able to get it working.
i've read through both of the documents from linksys below, but again i was unsuccessful.
i will be extremely grateful to anyone who can point me in the right direction... thank you.
