thanks bob.
stayed up late last night and worked it out.
here's what most likely happened.
1. when powering on lacie #1 with the the bad adapter, it instantly fried both the #1 housing logic board as well as the installed #1 hard drive logic board.
2. when i swapped in bad #1 drive into lacie #2 housing, and tried to power it up, the bad drive somehow fed-back it's power failure into the lacie #2 logic board, frying it as well.
(i still don't understand why this was the case - why didn't it just fail to read the bad drive.
talkin bout a widow-maker) for anyone counting, that's 3 logic boards down.
3. my hunch was correct about drive #2 being healthy.
it was out of the housing when lacie #2 housing fried.
when i reinstalled #2 drive back into the #2 housing, the housing logic board was dead, so could not pass on any further failures to the #2 drive.
4. in answer to my own question about how to get a pc/wxp box to read the former lacie #2 ata drive, all i had to do was remove a jumper on the drive, making it a slave drive.
once i did that, my pc read the disc 100%, with all the old lacie formatting, partitions, etc.
5. as previously posted, my drive #1 was not running when it fried, it just failed to power-up, so i was almost certain all my data, physical disc, and heads were healthy.
it was just the power.
i stumbled upon a great website:  - can swapping logic boards be that easy?
- and just so happens i had a torx socket sitting in my mini computer kit, unused for the last 20 years - so i popped off the healthy #2 drive logic board and installed it on the #1 drive, plugged that into my pc/wxp box and... woohoo - there's all my 320gb of data.
i had recovered my own hard drive!
the local data recovery shakedown joint was ready to charge me over a grand per drive (i'm sure they would have too, despite it actually being an easy fix, especially for experts in the field, this would have been nothing.)
6. i found a matching model/firmware drive on ebay cheap - sectors are bad - but all i need from it is the healthy logic board - so i will swap that in for the burnt out board on drive #1. recall, i actually had four total drives go down, so still have to find another cheap matching logic board for drive #3.
7. that leaves me sitting with four worthless lacie housing shells, all apparently with burt out logic boards of their own.
plus i have to find permanent, networked new housing for the four hard drives.
i don't want a whole new pc just for that.
what to buy??
?
