hi.
1. basically the configuration plan that you have come up with seems to be adequate.
2. however, i would suggest a few other things to keep in mind.
a. assume that an access point will be able to handle approximately 14 clients.
for your perspective - a normal standard 100/1000 mbps switch usually has a maximum of 24 ports.
and it has a much higher back-plane capacity.
(please don't start the debate on daisy chaining and/or modular switches) b. if possible, go for wlc & ap combination that supports 802.11ac - it will make a significant difference on a long run.
maybe not right away but a few months down the line - yes.
if you face bandwidth problems, the only upgrade required would be 802.11ac wireless adapters on the clients.
c. locally, the wlc should be able to distribute the load among the aps.
i also presume that the network will be used to transfer files as well or maybe other data + voice facilities may be incorporated in future.
d. use a managed switch and a router in between to break the network into smaller units using vlans, of perhaps 30 clients each.
you can purchase either a second hand 'cisco switch & router' or a 'layer 3 switch' off ebay that is compatible with your 'wireless networks' bandwidth.
breaking up the network will prevent the individual network segments from saturating adjacent networks and will result in more efficient load distribution.
e. for load balancing at the wan edge, i personally prefer suse linux enterprise server configured with squid proxy server.
if that is too much for you, then a pre-configured linux distribution by the name of clearos is available.
its free version will allow you to load balance incoming wan connections, provided that they terminate as ethernet ends and it also lets you restrict bandwidth with the flexibility of choosing network segments and/or individual ip address'.
of course it is just an individual preference to use hardware load balancer vs pc configured as one.
f. 100 % network up-time.
very 'bite-you-in-the-behind-when-you-are-not-looking' kind of assurance to provide.
but that is true for all network related projects.
take care.
