hmmm... i am a mechanical design engineer, and i design hard drives for a living... so i can tell you with some authority that heat is definitely a problem.
even if you are not running 10,000 rpm drives, it still is a concern because modern drives generally run very tight disk dampers (used to control tmr (track mis-registration)) and that tends to heat things up quite a bit on several levels.
not only is the available air volume reduced inside the drive, but the dampers increase the load on the spindle motor, which increases the current required to spin the disks... increased current means more heat.
period.
i've actually burned my fingertip touching the spindle motor transistors on a drive that was running for a long time in a chamber... those suckers got really hot!
(we run the drives at elevated temperatures as part of our on-going reliability testing... we have to generate the statistical evidence to back up our mtbf ratings for the oems.
(mtbf is mean time between failures) although we have improved exponentially over the years in the area of outgassing, (the process by which the components inside the drive emit bad stuff... which is accelerated by high temperatures.
you have experienced outgassing... it is the reason that new cars have that &quot;new car smell&quot; the plastic components outgass for a while...) it is still a problem.
we have worked to eliminate virtually all the adhesives possible inside the drive, and to all but eliminate outgassing from plastic components, but it is still there to a degree... the spindle motors and actuator pivot bearing are still assembled using adhesives, and flex circuit brackets and disk dampers and miscellaneous other components are made out of plastic... it is impossible to completely eliminate all the sources of outgassing... outgassing ends up contaminating the inside of a drive... which is a big problem when the heads are flying just over a millionth of an inch above the disk surface... the heads pick up the contaminants, and you have head degradation issues... the heads don't fly like they're supposed to, and the drive eventually stops working... so, to make a long story short, you should be very concerned about keeping your drives as cool as possible... mounting them in a 5.25&quot; inch bay with a couple of cooling fans mounted in a bezel works well, but can be noisy... and doesn't help if you don't have available 5.25&quot; bays... separating the drives so there is some air space between them is critical... (this also helps with the flux leakage problem, where the voice coil motor of some drives actually leaks quite a bit of magnetic flux... placing another drive in this magnetic field can cause problems for that drive...) for 10,000 rpm and 15,000 rpm scsi drives (what i primarily use in my computers) i try to mount them in a 5.25&quot; bay on their backs with the pcb up, and keep fans blowing air across them... i have a couple of quantum designed maxtor 10,000 rpm scsi drives that have been in constant use for over 6 years now, and they are still working flawlessly... i have a 10,000 rpm seagate barracuda 9gb drive in my kids computer that is quite a bit older than that, and it still works like new... anoher piece of advice i would give is to not buy the latest &quot;bleeding edge&quot; capacity point drives... right now the most margin from a head-media standpoint is generally in the 80gb per platter drives... so an 80gb single disk, or 160gb two disk drive is probably going to be much more reliable than a drive that is 100 or 120gb per platter... (or even higher, as some dsa or pmr drives out there are...) (the head degradation issue will bite you in the butt...
