never say never but i think the odds of ipad a registered trade mark becoming generic are slim.
here's why....visit any brick and mortar retailer that sells apple products and the apple section is segregated from all other like or similar products.
meaning that if you want anything apple you have to walk to the apple section.
don't think for a minute that's just a coincidence.
no..it's apple protecting it's brand.
you will never find an apple product mingled in with other products just in the same manner you'll never find a ford in a chevy showroom.
it's called brand identity.
search an online retailer.
you can type &quot;tablet&quot; and you'll be directed to a brand list like apple, samsung or kindle but never tablet and then be asked to &quot;choose one&quot;.
if you type apple (as a brand) you'll get a list like ipod, mac, imac, macbook pro and of course ipad.
price point plays an important role in brand identity as well.
apple products are notoriously priced higher than their want-a-be competitors.
there again setting a distinction between an ipad and a competitive tablet.
granted every tech manufacturer has a high-end line but none play the game as well as apple.
sony once did..but not anymore.
when sony went mainstream in pricing they gradually loss their distinctive edge.
remember their signature saying...&quot;it's a sony&quot;.
there are some brands that walk a thin line between &quot;brand identity&quot; and becoming &quot;generic&quot;.
two that come to mind are fedex and ups.
both have air and ground services.
however, fedex is synonymous with air transport and ups is synonymous with ground transport.
the quasi-generic appeal has played well for the two transportation giants but i don't see apple adopting that strategy neither by accident nor design.
no manufacturer has been able to duplicate the apple &quot;marketing/distribution&quot; model not even hp.
the ipad moniker while technically a tablet will in my opinion never be used to describe all things tablet.
it will be used as a benchmark for other tablets to reach or surpass.
until another manufacturer develops a revolutionary product the ipad will remain an ipad and the others will always be tablets.
so..will you be buying a tablet or an ipad?
