i have one box that is all scsi and has been bullet proof for almost seven years.
it had all ibm drives because ibm was previously the only vendor offering a five year replacement warranty on their drives.
i'm a firm believer in &quot;you get what you pay for&quot;.
four of the six 36gb drives died within 3-4 months but i can't really complain.
7-8 years of very hard usage and almost daily reboots with no errors.
anyway, they started taking random data errors and finally two of them refused to spin up so i ordered 5 oem fujitsu 36 gb drives and a wd raptor (sata 2.0) 36 gb for the primary boot drive.
data recovery is trivial.
i am a fanatic about taking backups at least once a week to one of the two drives which are dedicated backup devices.
once a month i burn the entire c drive to dvd(s) and take that off site to the bank lock box.
the house could burn down and at worst i would be out 30 days of work.
i also take backups of the linux partitions when i am doing serious mucking with the os.
one of the machines is a triple boot (opensuse, fedora, and vista all 64 bit), the other main box (with the scsi drives) is a dual boot opensuse and vista x86.
but i am going to nuke it with opensolaris x86 and use the entire box for a solaris machine rsn.
i like toys!
oh yeah, i only use acronis products for backup/recovery/disk partitioning.
the only problem i have had with their latest versions is the inability to handle the linux 2.6 kernel default inode size (256 vs 128).
they have sent me custom iso images for both disk director and true image echo but these still have the issue with the reformatted partitions.
however, if you preallocate the linux partitions with disk director 10.0 (current ga) and then do not reformat with the linux utilities during the install, there is no problem taking the linux partition backups.
i have an open ticket and i'm their test guinea pig because i beat the h out their software.
waiting for the dd 11.0 beta and the next tie beta or rc.
tell them rex basham sent you with excellent reviews on all of their products.
their tech support is fantastic, typically one day or two turn-around with a fix.
the inode problem has them though, it's been open at least two months.
