before i even finished reading your post, i had a pretty good idea you were talking about an emachine.
what you describe is very typical.
the good news is, your motherboard is probably the only thing that's toast.
everything else, your hard drive, memory, disk drives, and possibly even your power supply should be okay.
so, to answer your question, &quot;can you install the old hd temporarily&quot; the initial answer is yes.
in fact, in most cases, you could even install it permanently, as a secondary, actually called a &quot;slave&quot; drive, with all the files intact, if you'd like.
at this point, you have a couple of options.
the first option will depend considerably on the flexibility of the dell machine.
now i can't say for sure, because i personally have not had any experience with dell machines, but i hear they are proprietary, meaning you can only put a dell hd in a dell computer.
that being the case, the first option is out.
if there is some flexiblity however, it's a pretty simple fix.
first, you need to reset the jumper to the &quot;slave&quot; setting.
there's usually a little diagram on the drive itself that shows you where to put the pin.
then mount the drive inside the case.
most pcs have a mounting box that will accomodate at least two hard drives.
then plug in the ribbion cable (40-pin) and the power supply cable (4-pin) and that's pretty much it.
the system (running win xp or greater) should automatically detect it and assign it the next available drive letter.
you should now see it in my computer, and you can explore, browse, copy and paste just like any other drive.
your second option is to purchase an &quot;external enclosure case&quot;, essentially converting your internal drive to an external one.
you reset the jumper (note: may not necessarily be the &quot;slave&quot; setting as described above - follow instructions provided with case), plug in the cables and hook up to your system (usually via usb 2.0 or firewire).
this option is ideal if you have two or more computers and want to share files between them, for instance music files, but don't want to stream accross the network, or duplicate files on both systems.
with either option though, your original files will remain intact, provided the drive hasn't been damaged.
good luck!
let me know how it goes.
