hey everyone, i need to some advice on what products to look into getting.
basically, the situation is that i'm away from home a lot on the weekends, so i'm usually only home a little in the morning and later at night.
when i get home, i usually want to sit down in front of the tv and check on my e-mails, check news, etc.
because i usually only use it for an hour, two at the most, i hate turning on my laptop or desktop computer to just mess around online for a little while... plus, my laptops are desktop replacements, so they really aren't portable.
i had a netbook (i broke it ) and i have an ipod touch and a blackberry.
however, my problem with all three is that they are slow for browsing and things and with the blackberry and ipod touch, i just don't like the smallest screen.
i know i have to lose some screen size and power for something portable, but i generally get the largest screen available and have fast internet, so i don't want to suffer too much.
of course, the product on the top of my list now is the ipad.
i know it isn't perfect, but it has a huge screen for being portable, i've heard it quicker than the iphone and ipod touch for browsing, all the apps make it so i can use it for a lot of different things, i can get 3g, etc.
my biggest concern with the ipad is that i will be limited when using it, i'm just worried that i will have a lot of problems since there is no flash on it.
i have run into the issue a few times when using my ipod touch and it can be annoying, i'm just worried when i'm using it more often it will be even more of a problem.
it also seems that anyone i've talked to that isn't already a fan of apple don't really like it and think it is a waste of money.
so, i'm just a little concerned with what i will be getting with it.
aside from the ipad, i don't know what other options will be available.
i've always wanted a tablet pc, but my first concern with this is that it is still a computer.
it will be great because i'm not limited like the ipad is, but at the same time, i don't know if i will want to mess around with waiting on it to boot up and everything like a typical pc.
plus, i'm also not sure i want to spend the money on a tablet (since this is more of a toy than something i actually need ) i also know about the archos players, but i've never been able to use one in person and know very little about them in general.
i believe they are a little cheaper than the ipad, but i also know i will be losing a lot of screen.
i'm not sure how fast they are and i'm also thinking i will be much more limited with the extras it can do, like games, apps, etc.
so that is my basic situation and my thoughts.
any opinions on what i should look into and/or what you think may work out well for my situation would be greatly appreciated!
thanks so much!
