in reply, one of the reasons that drives die young is the temp.
what can happen, is that the magnetic coating on the disc platter can delaminate.
the metallic particles have a proclivity to leave the surface, thereby causing the disc to be &quot;bad&quot;, or not readable.
this is in direct correlation to the temperature of the drive.
and the magnectic permeability is also a function of the temperature, as the &quot;domains&quot; can flip flop easier at higher temperatures, causing random unreadability.
i run several computers in a room myself and i always try to keep the temperature down below 70 degrees, if not lower.
still the internal temperatures of the hard drives can reach over 130 internally.
if i allow the temp in the room to go up to over 80 degrees (which in a house can happen easily in a closed area from the heat of the computer) can cause this temp to raise to over 150 or more, not good for hard drives.
force air around the casing and area to remove the temp from the casing, and inside the casing.
it will be noisy, but your life of the drives will increase exponentially.
why do you think computing centers try to keep the rooms around 50 degrees f?
as far as leaving the computer on, it is better for the hard drive to stay on all the time if the temp is okay.
this way the platter surface is not heating and cooling , which causes delamination also.
it is called heat cycling, which can cause a hard drive to fail rapidly.
it also subjects the motor and arm to startup forces and shut down forces, which is the hardest on the drives rather than running in a constant state.
the heads do not contact the surface but fly over them at a very small distance, now some less than 1 millionith of an inch, and the heads are actually very aerodynamic and fly like an airplane.
that airplane wants to be constant with no bumps and no speed changes for best flight.
now a caveat, that is if the temp of the drive and area is okay.
if it is excessive, then by all means turn it off.
but the surface of a platter is rather sensitive to temp differentials, as is the media.
remember, that platter is spinning, trying to distort the platter and throw off the media every chance that it gets.
i have had hard drives running for over 5 years now that i have kept cool and they run perfect (even though they have small capacities).
i have had new ones die in one day.
the safest drives are the ones that run at 5400 rpm, because they do not have the forces on them that the higher speed ones do, including heat stress.
slower is cooler.
i have a couple of patents on discs and had to study a lot of the failure patterns of the devices.
faster is hotter, and therefore, requires more cooling.
if you can get a fan right on top of the disc, and blow cool air, that is best.
there are some fans that slide in between the discs and move the air, they help.
blowing cold air into the case really helps.
so if you are near a vent in your house, try routing cold air to the computer.
if you can, get portable room air conditioner and blow the cold air right into the computer (make sure that it also is dehumidified).
that mathematics behind modern discs are astronomical.
the speed and flight path can cause several misreads of the information, and that is corrected by extreme mathematics and bit control.
try and help the computer and disc out by keeping it at a constant cool temp.
