first of all, i recommend considering a different computer altogether.
hp computers have a long and sad history of poor tech support, underpowered components and poor performance.
i would recommend looking at better computers like dell, acer or even gateway (which is not a lot better than hp/compaq but at least has decent customer service).
i also recommend not buying computers from deep discount places like costco.
with a few exceptions, the people who work in those places know nothing about computers and cannot answer your questions.
also, they do not have any good computer repair nor maintenance services.
i'd recommend getting your computer from places like best buy, frys or even better yet, a shop that sells nothing but computers.
check to see if your town has any specialty shops that only sell computers.
the more specialized a shop is, the better their service and support after the sale tends to be.
sure it may cost a bit more at the outset, but at least you'll have some support for your computer after the sale.
getting a computer is kind of like getting a car, any after the sale customer service the place you get it from offers is very important because, trust me, you will have issues with any computer you get sooner or later just like we do with the cars we buy.
really, the kind of graphics card that any desktop computer comes with is irrelevant because they are almost always way underpowered for playing video games.
you have to get one of those specialty brand towers from companies like alienware or ibuypower to get a good &quot;out of the box&quot; gaming experience.
what does matter when buying a computer (as far as graphics goes) is how many expansion card slots the computer's motherboard comes with and what kind they are.
look for computers with at least one pci express (aka pcie) slot.
that is where you'll put your more powerful graphics card that you'll buy separately.
what also matters when getting a computer that will run a good video card is cooling.
find a computer with the largest vents in the front of the case that you can.
if you can find one that also has a vent in the side and even better, on the top of the case that is even better.
if there are no fans in these vents, that is okay because it is easy to install fans in those vents later.
good performing video cards get hotter than weak cards and need good ventilation to perform properly.
when you get your separate video card, connect your computer to the internet and download the newest drivers for whatever video card you buy separately.
usually, you can do a search for the name of the graphics chip maker (usually either ati or nvidia).
if you get an ati card, you'll end up on the amd website since they are the parent company of ati now.
do a search within that website for the model of video card you bought and download but do not install the drivers for it yet.
just save the file folder to your desktop or downloads folder so you can find it again.
before you install the drivers, click on start then control panel then device manager.
scroll down the list of devices until you find the integrated video card.
right click on the name of the card and click on &quot;disable&quot;.
once you have the integrated graphics card disabled, shut down the computer completely and unplug it.
put on an antistatic wrist strap (most computer stores sell them for around $15 or less.
they keep you from frying your new computer with static shock and are well worth getting) before you open up your computer.
set it down on a flat, hard, clean surface like a table.
open up the box that the separate video card came in and remove the card from the package.
do not touch the gold-like connectors on the bottom of the card as oils from your skin can damage them.
also avoid putting any pressure on the cooling fan (if the card has one)as you could damage the motor.
you'll probably have to remove a panel or two from the back of the computer tower so that the video ports are visible from the back of the tower (speaking of video ports, most of today's video cards come with dvi ports which are usually white and have slots running both vertically and horizontally.
if your monitor is older than two or three years, it probably has a vga plug on it (usually blue and with a bunch of round pins in it).
if the card doesn't come with an adapter, you'll need a vga to dvi adapter for older monitors.
when putting the video card into the computer, make sure there are no wires in the way of the slot before you push it down in there.
also check to see if the card requires additional power.
there will be a port usually on the short side of the card opposite the side with the monitor ports where you'll plug this power cable into.
if the power supply that came with the computer is powerful enough, it should have a cord for this port.
if not, you'll need to buy a different power supply that has cords for video cards on it.
most of the power supplies that are 300 watts or more these days come with the needed cords.
install the more powerful power supply (if needed) first before you install the graphics card.
be sure to push the video card into the slot until it clicks (there is usually a lock of some kind to keep the card from wiggling loose on most motherboards these days).
also be sure to screw the card's metal retaining bracket to the case frame to help support it.
when you put the case's door back on (never run a computer with the case door off as it defeats the cooling system of the case and leads to overheating), plug in and restart the computer.
when windows tries to reinstall the pc's integrated graphics card, click on &quot;cancel&quot;.
if you don't click on cancel in time, disable the integrated card again as described above.
now, find the driver you downloaded and install it.
you'll probably have to restart the computer to finish the install.
also, don't buy a desktop pc that is smaller than &quot;mid tower&quot; size.
avoid the ones that are thin and that lay on their longest side.
avoid the ones that are shorter than most of the other ones too.
those &quot;space saving&quot; form factors are really hard to find graphics cards for.
they take the shorter cards which are usually pci or even agp rather than the faster pci express cards.
i found this out the hard way by buying a sony &quot;micro tower&quot; pc a few years ago.
the case looked cool, but by being a few inches shorter than the typical mid tower size, i had to settle for getting an nvidia card that used an agp slot.
those older tech cards are not as fast nor able to render graphics of today's games as well as those that use the pci express slot.
another important thing to consider when buying a computer that you might play today's games on is even more overlooked than the included graphics: the power supply.
most pc makers skimp on parts as much as they can to make a bigger profit.
one of the ways they do this is by putting the lowest power of power supply in the tower that they can get away with.
if you are getting a video card separately from the pc (which anyone wanting to play anything more advanced than online browser games should do), then you'll need a higher wattage of powersupply than what your computer comes with.
most decent video cards require at least a 300 watt powersupply, but check the box of the video card you are thinking of getting to make sure.
considering all the other stuff your computer will be powering, i always up the wattage of a power supply that i include in a computer by two or three hundred watts over what the video card requires.
you mentioned thinking that 256 mb memory for a graphics card was &quot;pretty hefty&quot;.
it used to be, but not any more.
today's video games have such advanced graphics that you'll actually get fairly poor performance from a 256 mb card with most of them.
i'd recommend getting a video card with at least 512 mb of ddr ram.
if you can afford it, go for one with 512 of ddr2 ram as ddr2 is even faster than ddr.
stay away from video cards made by anybody other than the actual graphics chip makers.
sure they are a bit cheaper, but there is usually a reason for that.
the cards that are not made by either nvidia or ati do not seem to last as long and they tend to have poorer tech support and not as user friendly interfaces for their software.
with graphics cards, you really do get what you pay for.
one of the best &quot;bang for your buck&quot; video cards on the market today is the nvidia geforce 8700. it makes use of direct x 10 and has all the processing power needed to run the latest games.
yet it is no longer the very newest card out there, making it more affordable than the newer cards like the nvidia 9000 series.
finally, no matter what computer you get, keep it clean.
at least once a year (once a month if you have pets, smoke and/or are using the computer in a dusty environment) open up the case and blow out the dust, hair etc with canned air.
you might even need to put on your anti-static wrist strap mentioned above and take a cotton swab (qtip) dipped in rubbing alcohol (never use any other liquid inside a computer)and wipe off some of the more stubborn stuff.
you'll need to remove the front panel to really get all of the stuff out at least every other cleaning if you do it monthly.
computers draw in air from the front and blow it out the back to cool themselves.
there is all kinds of dust, pollen, hair etc floating in the air.
when this air gets sucked into the computer, that stuff settles out of the air and sticks to the parts inside the computer.
over time, the stuff builds up and insulates the parts, keeping them from cooling off properly.
when computers act 'slower' than they used to and especially when they shut off for no apparent reason, it's very often due to the fact that the computer's parts are getting too hot.
your new computer will last longer and run faster if you keep it clean.
just some tips from someone who has built several pcs and upgraded the graphics of hundreds of pcs.
