i did not notice if you were changing hard drives in your present computer or if you were moving your &quot;goods&quot; to another computer.
either way the solution is simple.
if you are putting a larger hard drive in your same dell computer then get a copy of acronis true image.
attach your new hard drive to your primary slave ... that's the second extension of your primary ide cable.
if you don't have a cable with connections for 2 hard drives.
again, solution simple.
if your pc will still boot, then disconnect your cd-rom (dvd, etc.)
and plug your new hard drive into the ide the cd was plugged in and be sure to plug in the power supply.
boot up ... if bios should tell you your configuration has changed, press f1 or the option it gives you to accept.
windows will boot up on your current hard drive.
install acronis true image.
open windows explorer and where your cd-dvd was will now appear your new empty hard drive.
the clone command in acronis is a little hard to find, as the natural thing is to look at the items on the screen.
it's not there.
it is under the file menu ... file, clone .... it will ask for your source drive (current drive) and your destination drife (new drive).
give it the information and let it work it's magic.
after it is finished, unplug your current hard drive ... plug your new drive in where the current one was located; being sure to attach both ide and power supply --- (cord with 4 wires) ... before attaching / installing the new drive check that the jumper is set to master or to single drive ... different drives use different terms.
plug your cd-dvd back in where it was.
you'll boot back into your computer as though you'd never made a change.
if you're changing to a different brand of computer ... you may want to boot into safe mode on the first boot, by pressing f8 every second or so as you pass the bios screen ... from the menu choose safe mode.
from there you can remove dell drivers if necessary and let xp pick up your necessary drivers until you can get on the web and get the most current drivers.
if you simply need to back-up data ... get that extra hard drive still and plug it in where your cd is.
when you boot up then copy all the data you want to save to the extra / new drive.
if you plan to use a new drive and want to reinstall xp ... then still plug the new drive in where your cd goes.
then use a partitioning program, such as partition magic to split the drive into the sizes you want.
the user interface is very user intuitive.
save your vital files to the newly created partition which will actually be a logical drive in an extended partition.
you'll run across those terms during the partitioning.
copy your vital files to the new partition.
put the hard drive in where yours is now.
plug your cd back in.
check the setup / bios to enable booting off cd ... i'll bet it's already set that way.
when you boot up watch the screen for the ... press any key to boot from cd ... windows xp setup will start and choose the empty partition to ue for your new install.
that will be your new c or root drive.
hope that is of some benefit.
