...to questions that you have asked.
1) having a bigger hard drive means that you will be able to store more pictures, songs, movies, etc.
when you install a program on your computer, all the information gets saved on the hard drive.
when you save something onto your hard drive, it stays there when you turn the computer off.
the information stays on the hard drive forever, unless you choose to delete it.
hard drive capacity is measured in gigabytes (ie: 80gb, 250gb, etc.)
the more gigabytes, the more stuff you'll be able to store on your computer.
160gb is a good balance between size and price, but they make hard drives up to 750gb.
2) ram (random access memory) is temporary memory.
when you turn off your computer, all the information in the ram gets erased.
the more ram that you have, the more programs you'll be able to run at once without the computer slowing down.
ram is also measured in gigabytes; a typical amount of ram is 1gb.
3) the cpu (central processing unit) is like the brain of your computer; it does all the thinking.
athlon 64s are indeed faster than pentium 4s, and athlon 64s also use less power and produce less heat.
about a year ago, amd and intel introduced dual-core processors.
dual-core means that there are two processor cores on the same chip.
dual-core processors are good for multitasking (running many programs at once) because the processors can process data simeltaneouly.
the amd dual-core processor is called the athlon 64 x2.
the intel dual-core is called the pentium d. athlon 64 x2s are faster than pentium ds, and they also produce less heat and use less power.
however, on july 14, intel will release their new dual-core processor, the core 2 duo.
from what i've seen so far, the core 2 duo runs faster, produces less heat, and uses less power than the athlon 64 x2, so it makes sense to wait about 2 weeks until dell offers the core 2 duo.
i hope that this post has helped you to better understand how a computer works, and has eased your purchase decision.
