but it's still rather simple.
&lt;b&gt;on my dell dimension xps t550 (bought in 1999, p3 550mhz, 128mb ram, 3dfx 16mb voodoo3 3000 vid card, win98 se), *not* to be confused with dell's high end xps gaming desktops and laptops being sold today:&lt;/b&gt; i've added both system ram and internal hd before.
back then, i had a roommate with tech savvy to supervise me.
he actually did both, but from my observations, ram was quick and simple that i would know how to do it myslef in the future.
hd was more complex.
i could try this on my own later on, but unlike ram, dunno if it would be problem free for ram, all he did was push it in (from crucial.com), and made sure the 2 sides latches of the dimm slot (where ram is plugged in) automatically locked in place to indicate the ram modules are fully seated.
restart windows.... the initial bios screen plus system properties screen when u right click my computer and select properties successfully reported the extra ram for the hd, while i wasn't sure if i could duplicate his success, i did get a lay of the land.
it was an ide hd (maxtor) being attached, as opposed to sata available now (not avail then), so the process involved seating the hd into an available 3.5&quot; bay using the available mounting bracket, plugging in the power cord, and then the ide ribbon cord into it.
i remember being extra careful with those wires, as they felt fragile, but u don't need to be that careful.
u can tug on them gently just fine.
just make sure u don't pull with enough force to pull cords out of where they were connected from.
mu roommate actually didn't get it to work the first time.
iirc, he set the primary hd's jumper settings from master to cable select, and did the same for the 2nd hd as well.
extra hd didn't register.
went back and reset primary to master and 2nd to slave and then both drives regiestered .
&lt;b&gt;on my dell dimension 8300 bought back in early 2004&lt;/b&gt;: ram was a cinch.
went back to crucial.com.
i didn't know how to install the dual sticks of ram to utilize dual channel memory, but dell's user manual (dell still included hardcopies of them back then) told me whichj slots to plug in matching pairs.
my 1st hd, i didn't have winxp sp1, just plain winxp w/o the service packs.
i didn't have any issues with winxp acknowledging the hd, but i did have to call maxtor's free tech supp and have them run me through to getting my full 160gb of space instead of just the 127gb i was getting the hd was harder, but only somewhat.
first off, the mounting brackets to the 3.5&quot; bay doesn't fully fit snuggly, so it's somewhat loose.
someth i'll need to pay attn to when moving my tower unit.
i've tried both combinations of cable select and master/slave.
nothing registered.
this was a retail version as opposed to oem, so it came with an install cd.
ran that utility on there and my hd finally registered &lt;b&gt;my conclusions&lt;/b&gt;: once u get the idea of installing ram, it's only a few notches harder than popping a cd into your cd-rom drive.
do consult your manufacturer or mobo manual for details on stuff like dual channel and any unique settings if you're not too comfy with hd even with experience, may wanna spring for a retail version instead of oem.
the cables, manual, install cd, and tech support will liekly be worth the extra few bucks
