i hope i'm posting this in the correct forum.
first of all, here is my desktop info: - desktop pc: - pent.
4 w/hyperthreading, 3.00ghz, 1.50gb ram, buffalo 80gb internal hdd, internal aopen duw1608/arr dual-layer dvd/cd rw drive.
nvidia geforce fx 5200 v-card.
dsl extreme connected - ok..this pc's about 4 years old.
i try to back-up pretty often, (though not as much as i should.
lol) here's my issue: i had been making some personal archives of quite a few of my collections of cds/dvds.
(the following may or may not be a cause, but i'm listing it anyway...) in one of my cds, it allows an install of &quot;umixit&quot; software to &quot;mix&quot; your own music...so i did, but had to change my desktop's video resolution for optimal performance.
(it was at 800x600, but i changed it to 1024x168) (after intall, i changed it back 'cause my 19&quot; crt had really small desktop icons with the newer setting.)
now, in one of the dvds, i installed (reluctantly) interactual player 2.0, just to see if it made a difference in my already installed powerdvd (i use this one the most.)
and win media 10.
- as my pc was finalizing a dvd last night, suddenly, the hdd starts making noisy &quot;click-a-click&quot; sounds.
then i got the worst...a b.s.o.d.
that read: - a problem has been detected and windows has been shut down to prevent damage to your computer.
kernel_stack_inpage_error if this is the first time you've seen this stop error screen, restart your computer.
if this screen appears again, follow these steps: check to make sure any new hardware or sofware is properly installed.
if this is a new installation, ask your hardware or software manufacturer for any windows updates you might need.
if problems continue, disable or remove any newly installed hardware or software.
disable bios memory options such as caching or shadowing.
if you need to use safe mode to remove or disable components, restart your computer, press f8 to select advanced startup options and then select safe mode.
- technical information: *** stop: 0x00000077 (0xc000000e,0xc000000e,0x00000000,0x00bb6000) - other than a couple pc games, i haven't installed anything else.
now, i have to &quot;hard shut-down&quot; the pc with the tower button cause when it even tries to boot-up, it hangs before the p.o.s.t and the hdd goes nuts again.
it just recently froze at the &quot;safe mode/last known../normal startup&quot; options black screen.
the hdd just &quot;click-a-clicks&quot; away.
- i had just bought a seagate 400 gb w/ 16mb buffer to install in the tower with this one....just-in-case, but i'll bet that my current hdd is gone.
go ahead, tell me the truth.
;-d - i'll be awaiting a reply soon.
thanks for reading this post; i'm quite desperate here.
tony
