sorry for the book, but must read.
i had an issue with a computer purchased from hp, and i believe that this information could be helpful to some of the readers of cnet.
first of all, i am not putting down hp computers, because i have been an owner, user, and customer engineer for hp products since 1988. that being said, let me tell you about this experience.
i purchased this computer in june 2008, and have had no issues with the computer or the original os vista ultimate 64. it has been fast received all updates including vista service pack 2 and no restore or recovers since it started up in june of last year.
last week i was running some programs and searching the internet, when i started having some freeze issues.
i ran my anti-virus program, vipre to check if i had down loaded a virus or spyware that might cause this issue, not one issue was found.
i restarted windows and for the first time, since i have been running xp, or vista on four different machines, got a windows needs to run a check disc for your hard drive.
i let the check disc run and it found only a few corrupted files which vista moved and recovered.
i then ran disk dianostics twice, and system bios smart drive dianostics twice no problems found.
the system went back to running as normal.
windows did an upgrade and my system was required to do a restart.
during restart windows again said it needed to do a check disc.
almost the exact same files were found corrupted.
this let me to believe that something in windows, or one of the latest upgrades had corrupted tne computer.
i decided to do a restore from a previous restore point.
big mistake.
running the restore seemed to work ok until a restart, at that time the mother board bios presented a message that i was going to have an imminent drive failure, backup as soon as possible.
the drive was dead and nothing could open or access this drive.
since this computer was purchased in june of 2008 and was not under warranty, i purchased a new drive with the same parameters as the dead drive so i could use the recovery disks that i had made from the recovery partition on the drive during the first start up.
the startup disk gave error, configuration has changed these disks can not be used to recover the system.
ok, i went to hps web site and ordered the recovery kit for the computer.
same issue, these recovery disks can not be used to recover this system.
i ordered windows 7 64bit and installed all worked fine.
i contacted hp support and explained my issues.
my post to hp and their response back!!
************** problem description : hard drive failure.
drive had a few corrupted files on it, and while trying to replace the corrupted files, the drive died.
since computer was a few months out of warranty, i ordered a new drive,same drive 500g wd.
i tried using the recovery disk that were made when system was first started, but got error, these disks do not match the configuration of the computer and could be for a different computer.
you can not recover with these disc.
troubleshooting: ordered recovery kit from hp.
when the disk came in and i tried to recover using these disc.
got basically the same answer.
this system is not supported by these disc.
(vista ultimate hp, compaq 64bit.)
i ordered windows 7 ultimate 64 bit from an online vendor since your recovery disc would not work and reloaded everything.
no issues and no failures.
it does not seem right that you can not rely on hp's recovery system.
i have never liked the lost of a partion on the main drive for recovery of your os on the same drive.
using your own disc and only able to make one copy is not feasible.
a set of recovery disc should come with every computer.
setting changes: nothing has changed on my computer other than the western digital disc that died.
the only issue i had with the windows 7 install was the color laserjet cm1017 mfp printer installing.
installed perfectlly under vista 64, but would not install under windows 7 64. loaded drivers from web and printer installed.
************ dear john, thank you for contacting hp total care.
after reading your e-mail i understand that you are experiencing an issue with the recovery disc of the hp pavilion ultimate d4996t cto desktop pc.
you have further mentioned that hard drive failed so you replaced the drive and then tried to run the recovery using the old recovery disc but you got the error message.
then again you ordered the recovery disc from us but the issue still persists.
please accept my apologies for the difficulties you encountered with your technical issues.
i appreciate that you have forwarded your concern to us and given us a chance to assist you in regard this matter john, first of all i would like to inform you that the hp does not send the set of recovery disc with the system.
hp recommends its users to create the set of recovery disc form the system so that in case of system failure the user can retrieve the operating system.
the set of recovery disc which users create from the system itself will only work with the hard drive shipped with the system as it has the preinstalled image of operating system which is burned in the d: drive of the system.
the motherboard and the hard drive are synchronized in such a way that if you change the hard drive of the system then the hp set of recovery disc will not work with the new hard drive and it is not possible to use the same recovery disc to the other system.
john, if you had purchased the hard drive from us then the recovery disc will work but now i regret to inform you that it is not possible to use the same recovery disc.
if there is anything else we can do to make things easier for you, please let us know, we will be happy to assist you further.
we are available 24x7 for your convenience.
please feel free to contact us at any point of time.
have a nice day!
wish you happy new year and merry christmas!
for information on keeping your hp and compaq products up and running, please visit our web site at:  sincerely,
