thanks bob.
the reason i am trying out a product from best buy when i do not have much confidence in the knowledge of the sales people is because i can return the product within 30 days should i determine it does not meet my needs.
this in turn becomes more of a problem for them than me because technically, i don't think they are allowed to sell a used product as new.
so if they don't properly train their sales people, it really hurts them more than it hurts me.
i also figure that if i can not get the answers i seek from the sales people, then the only other way would be through experimentation with the product, and by seeking answers online, of which i am doing.
so onto the questions: 1.)
okay, invalid question.
2.)
there is no known issue with the playback of hd content in general on portable media players?
so what if i take a high definition 1080p video of my sister's wedding and later try to view it with a media player?
doesn't matter whether the media player includes a hard drive, or has one attached to it separately in terms of playback?
what about in terms of seek time (the time it takes to locate media)?
(still trying to figure this out with the media player from best buy as it isn't quite as intuitive as i had hoped.)
3.)
surely there are products for the playback of legal content, however, whether or not they are any good is what i'm interested at getting to.
thus far my experience with western digital - wd tv live hub media center with 1 tb drive from best buy is that it seems to playback 1080p content fine, it's just that the time to locate and access media is a bit bothersome.
what find ironic is that the more i get my files organized the longer it takes for me to access my media using one of these devices.
it seems like it takes a while (at least several minutes) just to process, or compile newly discovered media on it after it has received some either by usb or by ethernet cable.
once it has done this, it seems to take about 10 seconds each time it has to open up a subfolder.
so if i have to open up five subfolders to get to the media i'm interested in, that's almost a minute of processing time, which would seem rather slow considering today's computer technology where it'd take me just a couple of seconds to do this.
&lt;div&gt;according to a cnet review i found of the wd tv hd media player (winter 2009) all media players as of the time of that review had that problem.
quote from review: &quot; if there's a small knock against all these types of media players, it's that it takes a short while for the unit to initially recognize and load all the media files.
it's not a huge delay, but you're not looking at the same kind of zippiness you've probably come to expect from connecting a drive to your pc or laptop and having the files show up in a few seconds (so long as everything is connected via usb 2.0).
&quot;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt; so i don't know if that is a problem that is unique to just products of the past, or if all portable media players on the market today still have this problem, even in 2012. anyone know?
what i would consider ideal is just a very simple plug and play solution.
&lt;/div&gt;
