i was merely attempting to provide some basic guidelines as to mesh networking.
i can't really get into specifics based on the information that was given at the top of the post, but i can share some info on a project i am working on in south florida.
i have been planning the implementation of wireless coverage for a small town, approximately 43 acres.
i explored the setup of a mesh network for this area however, i have decided against it.
mesh networks are mainly used for large scale wireless deployments, ie.
philadelphia's recent project.
the major benefits of a mesh network, as i see it, are that the network is easily scalable, and when your bandwidth is a concern then the aps automatically re-route end-user access to different gateways (if available) to compensate (this is a very nice feature).
if i were to deploy a mesh network in my scenario, i would be using the cisco aironet 1510 aps, a cisco wlc (wireless lan controller, your amount of aps determines which model to go with), for the gateway i would use the linksys wrt600n, and for the management of the network i would use the cisco wcs software.
even though linksys is a subdivision of cisco, you cannot beat cisco quality and support.
the smartnet onsite warranty is an absolute must if you are going to have subscribers, or people that depend on your network.
like i said, i will not be using the mesh network.
i will be using about 20 cisco aironet 1250 aps to create a large overlapping network.
i will still be using the wlc,linksys wrt600n , and the wcs software.
the range of the 1250 and 1510 is very similar given the same antenna, approximately 500-600ft, but you will most definitely be experiencing all sorts of network interference, and will probably end up with a range of 200-300 ft of good network coverage that will allow for higher speeds.
i have my reasons for not going with a mesh network, but i will delve a little further into that topic.
the cisco aironet 1510 is an outdoor mesh ap that is extremely reliable, withstands severe conditions, and provides up to 675ft coverage area.
if you are going to setup a mesh network then this is what you want.
mesh networks typically are used to span across a large area, where outdoor placement is a must.
many people have now been attempting to develop little mesh networks, for their neighborhood for example.
if your are operating at that level i recommend the use of meraki networking solutions.
they have been endorsed by google, and are much cheaper than using cisco hardware.
yes, i do like to talk a lot.
so to answer your question &quot;what mesh software are you proposing?&quot;, it really all depends on your situation!
i know that is not much of an answer, but there are many factors that play into the implementation of a mesh network.
if you could, just provide me with some more details like; how much area are you trying to cover, are you indoor or outdoor, what price range are you working with, what is your networking experience... even the material of the surrounding buildings, and the placement of trees (which greatly degrade the signal strength) effect which solution that i would recommend.
as far as software goes, i would use the wcs for a project like mine, or for a smaller project, meraki provides excellent free management software that should be sufficient.
i have assumed that you are talking about management software, not &quot;firmware&quot;.
if anyone needs any more info, i would be glad to offer my help.
you can email me through my company techspert solution, or post a reply here.
techspert@yahoo.com
