while not all generic inks are created equal, it really depends mostly on what kind of printing you do.
if mostly text & 2d artwork, generic is probably ok. i have had experience with some generic ink colors looking muddy or dull on photo prints.
on the store branded generics (ie staples, officemax, etc.)
i don't see a big enough difference in the cost for the loss of quality for photo printer (paper quality also makes a big difference for photos.)
i also tried some ink that was very cheap i got online, but had to order 4 cartridges to make shipping charges worthwhile - well i have 3 unopened, collecting dust on the boxes and took the first one out and put it in trash while it still had plenty of ink.
i could not accept the poor quality for my purposes (mostly photos & t-shirt transfers).
when used for t-shirt transfers, even with professional quality transfer paper & professional heat press, the colors from the cheaper ink ran when washed.
the ink i'm using now is not oem, but i wouldn't call it generic or even cheap (although it does save me more $ than the cheap cartridges).
i bought a cfs (continous flow system) for my epson that i am extremely pleased with!
there are many companies to choose from for epson printers & even some canons.
i did a lot of research before investing - some systems said you could only use their inks, and others had very complicated installation instructions.
i finally chose a system from  .
their system was supposed to work with most any bulk inks, but they had several kinds to choose from depending on your needs.
i chose the archival inks for t-shirt transfers (and they also sell a very good transfer paper actually cheaper than our previous supplier).
their archival ink produces better results than the original epson branded inks.
you have to spend a little more upfront for the system, but i've already done enough printing that i would have already spent more on individual cartidges than what the system & ink cost and i had even bought an extra refill set because i wasn't sure how much printing i could do before refilling.
the lowest bottle of ink is still over half full!
also, when i need more, i can order just the color i need - not all six.
also, the bottles sit outside the printer and you can actually see how much ink is in them.
i am thrilled with this set-up.
it will cost a little more to get started if you have a lexmark printer, because you'll have to trash the lexmark & buy epson or canon (but check which models you can get cfs for before you buy).
