no one else has jumped in here.
i'm not a &quot;newbie&quot; but have backed up my hard-drive, tho not the cheapest way.
i have no idea how to use that back up if i ever need to.
i bought a 250gb maxtor external hard drive and followed the directions that came with the software.
i am , again, mystified by the instructions for recovery, since it refers to things that i do not have and cannot find, like a &quot;windows recovery cd&quot; and leaves me entirely on my own for getting one.
computers these days don't come with them and making one is not always as easy as the geeks think it is for the average consumer.
it's like a car manufacturer telling you that if you can't get your car started, don't call us, you bought it, you figure out how to fix it.
any other business would go broke if they just gave you an unassembled product and expected you to figure it out for yourself.
and do not tell me the instructions are complete, because they are always filled with jargon and half-answers, or refer to stuff that may have been in someone else's computer but is not in yours.
frankly, i've always been impressed with bob's help in the past but am mystified at his approach to this lady's problem, as it seems very obtuse and not at all helpful.
i've had a similar problem with both nero and sonic and did find a notice that the nero i had had an incompatibility problem with windows!!!!
windows and nero were working on it, but i figured that if they released a program that won't work with windows, what in the world were they thinking and why would anyone bother to buy it?
it came with my computer, so i got rid of it.
i know little or nothing about computers but i keep trying to learn and it just gets harder and harder because those who do know want to keep it a secret, probably since they worked so hard to find out for themselves.
btw (that means by the way, which took me an eternity to figure out, since computer geeks do not use the long-established convention of using a term, like &quot;by the way&quot; the first time it is used in a document and then following it with the initials in parenthesis, like &quot;by the way [btw],&quot; to let you know they intend to just use the initials from now on), a usb, flash-drive or 'thumb-drive' may be the best way to copy your files to save them.
ask for it at the computer counter at your favorite computer store and have the twelve-year-old who sells it to you show you how to use it.
all the best.
frank
