before, you read this long reply let me sum it up in this initial paragraph.
most of what both types of providers says can be taken as truth.
however, both types of technology have various dependencies that affect your overall bandwidth.
you will find just as many people with positive &quot;opinions&quot; about each technology.
some of these opinions are based on theory and some based on hands on experience.
in the real world you will get balanced performance from each type of technology, but you are more than likely going to get less than satisfactory performance out of dsl, than cable.
it would prob be best to make your decision based on what your local providers can provide you and the cost.
a better question might be, &quot;which of your providers is the best to go with?&quot; ereedks is totally correct.
the cable companies' claim is totally based on a broader view of dsl structure.
cable says that dsl shares bandwidth because in a broader sense it does.
with dsl, the bandwidth that you pay for is the bandwidth that you are allocated to use.
what other users pay for is what they are allocated to use.
the overall bandwidth that each person in a an area is given, does come from the same place.
this is what allows cable companies to claim that the bandwidth is shared.
i must say, however, do not be fooled by the phrase &quot;uses an always-on dedicate connection.&quot; dsl does have a couple of dependencies that will make your bandwidth vary.
before your information gets to or comes from the internet connection it passes through a device called a dsl access multiplexer(simple device but, i'll not go into details).
it basically provides a link for multiple users to a main line(usually a t1) that connects to the internet.
the more connections there are to this dslam, the more likely your connection will vary.
the second noticeable dependency is distance from the dslam.
the further away from the dslam that you are, the more your bandwidth will be affected.
the distance factor is not a reason not to choose dsl but it may affect the choice of the provider and the cost of the service.
as ereedks stated, he does not live far for the telcom's headquarters.
that alone may promise a good connection for him/her.
the same may not be true for you.
i am currently using a cable connection, and it is very stable and the speed fast.
however some issues did arise when i approached my cable company about getting a static ip address to host a site.
also, i must admit that i am disappoint that the d/l bandwidth rarely reaches the max bandwidth allotted my service.
however, i haven't seen any better performance out of dsl.
a major deciding factor might be the overall price of dsl.
the initially costs of dsl(including installation) are much higher than cable.
and the long-term benefits may not be any better than cable which usually costs less for the same &quot;real world&quot; performance.
theoretically dsl is a better performer than cable but in the real world, this better performance usually isn't seen, but the potential of the technology keeps the price comparative to or higher than those of cable.
and a very important note, wireless lans usually are less stable on dsl.
the best way to really decide is, to call your local providers, both cable and dsl, and get details on exactly what they provide and how much it costs.
you do not have to have cable tv, just in case you didn't know already.
i am a computer science student, i have never had dsl installed in my own home, but i have a lot of hand-on experience using it.
some friends and a few family members use it in their homes.
