i recently began to put together a pc for a friend of mine.
all parts were brand new although they were all purchased from seperate vendors.
i used an asrock mb (maybe my first mistake) only because it was economical and i built a pc on one earler this year without a problem.
everything seemed to go alright except for some reason it doesn't seem to want to boot when all my ide components are hooked up (2 maxtor hd's and sony dvd-rw drive).
the fans spin but it refuses to boot.
the only way i could boot it was to hit the power with the dvd drive not connected and then quickly plug it in before the bootstrap.
if i do this the bios will read the drive perfectly.
i went ahead and installed the os (xp) and setup the computer as if nothing was wrong.
any warm boots return without a problem but a cold boot takes me back to square one (fans spin, no post) and i have to unplug the dvd drive to start it again.
i tried a few other drives and cables however i received the same result.
unfortunately, once in a while, if i unhook the dvd drive it still doesn't boot.
i'm forced to also unhook the slave hd before i can get a boot.
this drive isn't as stubborn however as if i turn the computer off and on a few times i can generally get the computer to post whereas with the dvd drive i've never been that lucky.
i don't know what's up, it's like the bios is unable to &quot;save&quot; the drive specs.
bad ide controller?
defective board?
any ideas would be appreciated.
drives are set up as master/slave.
hd's are set into ide 0 as primary master/slave.
dvd-rw drive is set to primary master on ide 1. power supply is a brand new altec 430. i'm not sure about the ide setup although i would assume if one was set to off then the dvd drive would fail to run at all.
hardware: sony 16x dvd+/-rw /dw-d22a vga atioem|radeon 9800se 128m 8x 512mb (2x256) dual channel pc3200 ddr 32x8 barebones kit w/ p4 3.2ghz - 1mb cache (800 fsb) asrock p4s61 mb atx 300w mini-mid tower (replaced with 430w altec) basic / generic fan/heatsink (40mm) (2) maxtor 80gb hd
