first, some technical things - you didn't tell what mb you are on,it may have nvidia support that would benefit a different video card.
is it sli ready?
the biggest boost i've ever seen to graphics was the day i installed 2 nvidia card with sli enabled!
whew!
secondly, i have some suspicions (though unfounded) that cod runs better under nvidia than radeon.
i have used both cards and much prefer nvidia.
now my second suggestion/idea is that you may have some hefty background cpu hogging stuff going on - anti-virus, anti-spyware, ms's own indexing and mail checking software, a bunch of svhosts refusing to let go of memory, background defragging, programs checking for auotupdates, etc.
and on and on.
here's a suggestion that may solve it - iobit.com makes a game booster - it's free and it works.
it figures out what's running and what's able to be safely suspended during gameplay - it then shuts them all off while you play and then turns them back on when you're done - well, you have to remember to tell the program to turn them back on, but it works in xp and in win7 and win7 in xpmode.
plus, it will also attempt to optimize your game directory!
did i mention 'free'?
at least check your task manager and see what there is running and what if any you can turn off during game play.
(oh yeah; i'm pretty sure that 3gig in an xp system is 1 gig of unused memory - i think it only supports 2 gig.)
last idea is to check your virtual memory settings - right click on my computer/advanced/advanced and you'll find it - check what size it is and where it is - then check the drive it is on and how much space is left and maybe increase the size of the virtmem file, or move the file to another drive with more room on it.
also run a cleanup on your drive to free up space; that may give the program more room to flex its gaming muscles, and be sure to empty out your recycle bin and temp files at the very least.
finally - i'm sure you've done this, but make sure your video drivers are the latest and greatest.
good luck, cod4 is a great game, if overly short in single player mode - multiplayer mode will frustrate you until you find the right server to play on - there are a plethora of cheaters and beaters out there that suck the fun out of a great multiplayer game; i've played a lot and finally 'retired' - they're just too good for me to beat.
