as your running an open wi-fi hotspot with a business you might be better to call in a separate company to set up a wi-fi hotspot for your customers, this can be run in conjunction with your existing connection and can be set up to allow you all the internet you require and access to all the things you want, whilst allowing your customers a free basic internet service and stop them from over doing your existing broadband.
in the uk we have numerous companies all offering this service, bt offer bt openzone and the wi-fi hotspot is set up by them for the company that has the hotspot.
it is in the isp's interest to offer these, rather then yours as like with bt they can advertise to their customers their is x number of hotspots available throughout the uk to our customers so increasing the chance of someone subscribing to their isp service rather than a rival who doesn't have as many.
there is also fonera which is another company that supplies routers that can create proper wi-fi hotspots, and the cloud all to name a few.
all these companies have a system that allows them to give free internet away to their customers, and also charge non subscribers based on usage.
they also have servers that are set up a lot better to monitor each individuals usage and restrict them from using specific channels, or charge them more for the privilege.
this would be a much better route to follow rather than trying to do it yourself, these major business have all the structure set up to keep customers secure, and offer them a certain amount of wi-fi whilst blocking out over-usage.
in addition to this many of these will also pay you for having a hotspot.
now think of this one - in your pub i bet you have some kind of fruit machine don't you?
now do you own that fruit machine or did you hire it from a third party.
chances are i know your going to say you hired it from a third party - and why?
because it would cost you more to buy that fruit machine, and to have that fruit machine maintained, and replaced every time a newer model comes out than what it does to let the lease company keep a percentage of the profits from the fruit machine, and you to be paid by them for having the fruit machine in your premises.
wi-fi is exactly the same, don't do it on your own, call a professional company in to supply your wi-fi hotspot to your pub rather than creating your own.
boingo seems to be one of the main wi-fi hotspot suppliers in the us so maybe you might want to take a look at their website here
