the are a multitude of ways to share files both with someone in the same office or in another corner of the world.
dropbox is probably the most popular(at the moment) and is usable across virtually any device including smart phones, tablets, netbooks, pc's and mac's.
i have well over 100 clients that use dropbox for both personal and business needs and have had zero issues.
however there are many other similar services available with all kinds of features.
there are some key factors that can help dictate which type of service best meets your needs: amount of data - one key factor is the quantity of data that you need to share?
you mentioned that cost was a big issue.
there are several services that offer free accounts for 2gb to as much as 25gb but if you are looking at sharing larger amounts of data, than you will have to pay.
for example: dropbox offers a 2gb account for free, 50gb account for $9.99 per month and a 100gb account for $19.99 per month.
online storage vs. syncronized storage - some services store your files in the cloud and you work on them remotely or download them as you need them.
other services such as dropbox store your files in the cloud but also store a copy on your computer and then synchronize them whenever you make a change or add a file.
the advantage of this is that you have access to all your files at all times even if you do not have an internet connection and if you make changes or additions, they will simply synchronize to the cloud and onto other users the next time your internet connection is restored.
cost - there are some rather costly programs that tend to offer many more features such as additional storage, increased security and give you greater ability to control who sees what and who can edit or delete files.
for example: dropbox offers &quot;dropbox for teams&quot; which starts at $795 per year for 5 users which caters more to business users.
no internet - one big issue is whether or not you need to have access to files when you are away from an internet connection or at times when your internet connection happens to be down.
compatibility - double check system compatibility with the operating system that you plan to use.
some of the services require windows vista or windows 7 and do not work with windows xp or older operating systems.
i ran into this problem myself when i wanted to use an old windows 2000 test machine.
but i found that dropbox works fine on it too.
some system may require that you upgrade all of your equipment before you can get them to work.
in some cases this could cost you some big dollars.
for example: icloud requires that you update your iphone and ipad to the latest ios and your mac must be running osx 10.7 (lion).
if you are using it with a pc too, then you need to have windows vista or windows 7 and outlook 2007 or 2010. so if you are running windows xp with office 2003, you have some major updating to perform.
file size - the general size of the files that you work on can greatly affect what kind of service might work best for you.
if most of your data is made up of relatively small files (a few megabytes or less each) such as word documents and excel spread sheets than the type of service probably does not matter.
but if you have the need to share large files such as video or huge raw image files than online storage may be too slow for you.
it can take a long time to access and load some of these files due to the speed of the internet.
in this case it would be best to have the files local to all machines and then synchronize them later.
online vs. your own hardware - if you simply do not like the idea of someone else having your data, you can always opt for setting up you own file server.
if you are handy or know someone who is, you could convert and old computer to a linux file server or simply purchase a nas (network attached storage) box.
many of these nas devices offer methods to share files with others over the internet.
i had good luck with some of the units from synology and not much luck with some from buffalo.
note: keep in mind that having your own system will probably require that you have it on 24/7, you will need to consider some form of backup for it, and you still need to be concerned about security.
also, in some cases, especially if you opt for a server of some kind, the power consumption alone could end up costing more than some of the online services.
security -most file sharing systems use some form of data encryption but access to your files is still pretty much based on a username and password.
i always recommend making this password difficult to guess by using at least 8 characters with a minimum of 1 uppercase letter and 1 number.
never use common words that can be found in the dictionary for a password.
i also highly recommend using additional password protection that word and excel offer when storing really sensitive files such as personnel files and or other files that may contain things like social security numbers, account numbers and passwords.
i do this even for files that are not stored in the cloud.
for example: i have a 3 page excel spreadsheet that contains all my account numbers, usernames and passwords for pretty much everything in my life.
if this were to get into the wrong hands, it would be an absolute nightmare.
it is stored on my computer as well as in dropbox so that i can access it from all my computers and devices as well as a backup is saved on carbonite.
some people would say that it is crazy to store that on your computer, but i say, what is the point of having all this technology if you are not going to use it?
if i am traveling and lose my wallet, i can go to any computer in the world and access dropbox to get all the phone numbers and account numbers so that i can call and cancel my cards.
i don't know about you, but if i were to lose my cell phone, i am not sure if i could even remember my own home phone number anymore.
again i can go to dropbox from anywhere and access my list of addresses and phone numbers.
these files are important to me and having access to them is equally important.
but i also want to store them as safely as possible.
so one method is to password protect these individual files using additional password security built into word and excel.
this way if someone happens to get your files in the cloud or from your lost or stolen laptop or even some form of virus then those important files have a second line of defense.
if you are still really paranoid about security, you could always use a 3rd party encryption program like boxcryptor to encrypt your files before storing them in the cloud.
online file sharing alternatives - here are just a few of the many online services that are available: dropbox --  box.net --  icloud --  google docs --  amazon cloud drive --  windows live mesh (skydrive) --  microsoft office 365 --  sugarsync --  spideroak --  if you want to read more about some of these services and compare features here are a few links you may find helpful.
dana wayland computer message was edited by lee koo (admin) to add links 03/02/2012 3:16pm
