phil, in most regards, the life span of an ssd drive should be longer than the normal life expectancy of a traditional hard disk.
there are certain caveats, however.
basically, it comes down to how often do you write how much data to your hard drive?
to dramatically reduce the number of writes to your ssd, there are a few things you should do and not do.
first, do not use any defragmentation utilities on the drive.
ssd's absolutely do not need defragmentation and using such a tool will significantly reduce the life expectancy of the drive.
second: disable hibernation on the machine.
using hibernation does a great deal of writing of data to the drive - the full contents of the physical ram.
this consumes many write cycles.
also, with the increased boot speed of the ssd, starting up the os from scratch shouldn't take but a few seconds longer than using hibernation.
third: turn off or reduce the size of the swap file/virtual memory.
if you have a system with 4 gigs of ram,, you should make the swap file no more than 2 gig and preferably one.
if you have 8, 12 or 16 gigs of memory, it is unlikely you need the swap file at all.
a good way to determine how much swap file you need would be to open task manager, and see how much memory your system is using when you have your highest level of workload running.
right click on the task bar, choose start task manager.
on the screen that appears, click the tab which says &quot;performance&quot;.
again, with all the apps running you would ever normally have running at the same time, look at the bar which says &quot;memory&quot;.
if that bar shows more than 3/4 full, you should enable virtual memory for a couple of gigs.
you should do some switching of tasks among the things you have running and look at the history of the graph.
again, if it is spending more than a few isolated, short lived jumps over about 75%, then enable the virtual memory.
if it isn't, you should be able to disable the virtual memory without any impact.
doing this will also reduce the number of writes made to the ssd, increasing its life span.
