you &quot;assumed too much&quot; because it was working on the 2nd pc that things got resolved.
you should have immediately tried to back-up your data, at least the super critial stuff rather than now hope for the best.
it appears when your old hd was installed in newer pc that if &quot;malware&quot; was at work had a new home.
at that time, an immediate scan should have been done to assure no malware at work.
once a clean bill of health, swap data to newer hd and then actually remove your old hd.
that way you have a physical back-up and allow the newer pc to do all.
if it works w/o problems then add old hd for more storage, etc.. but, that is now not as possible w/o alot of work if at all.
further, you have &quot;beeps&quot; which are bios error code sequence.
note down, exactly that sequence and look up your bios brand find what it means.
you need to fix that before anything else as that is a real hard problem.
once fixed then proceed with your initial problem(s).
yes&lt; it works to have info available it will anyone help you.
why, should we guess and yes now what bios you have makes sense now to know, etc.. quite frankly remove your old hd and simply install the os and see if works, etc.. make that a 100% install of os, drivers, updates, etc.
and prepare it with av and scan once updated to see if it's ok. provided no problems arise after all that, add your old hd and swap data over.
but even before that, make an av scan pointing to that old hd at least or both drives.
i use avast and allow a &quot;boot scan&quot; which is better at detecting malware at its lowest levels.
this all takes time to do, so don&quot;t rush it, fix the pc and then use after its 100% ready.
since, you mentioned gaming being done on this pc, make sure it's well cooled.
it maybe part of the problem or not, but again its an area that has to be checked.
also, once you start to use both hds, you create a &quot;hot spot&quot; between the drives which can cause issues.
if the clicking noise isn't present when only 1 drive is installed, that's a clue.
again, a well cooled pc is better and if both drives are installed one of top of the other it will be best to arrange is possible to gap them greater or directly cool them.
however, the damage maybe already done, too late it will only get worse.
which leads to the initial 1st problem, maybe a bad hd to begin with or one of several problems.
i hope you have the currently running pc restore/recovery install discs.
it will help greatly.
good luck -----willy tada -----willy
