hi steve- you start here from a bunch of google hits:  as to your last question, i would say not necessarily.
sometime you simply get what you pay for- cheap in price, cheap in quality, so you have to shop very carefully.
at newegg, i like to read the user reviews.
but even with a quality part, like say, a high end video card, there's always unknowns, like the type of motherboard & bios- some baords and bioses simply don't agree.
i'm an nvidia fan, so i always buy nvidia based cards, knowing their drivers are compatible with xp- unlike ati, i've read about too many problems with their catylyst drivers i wouldn't even think about buying an ati card.
i've been building my own for about 10 yrs, so i tend to go with brands i'm familiar with, e.g, western digital for hardrives, creative for soundcards, leadtek for videocards/tv tuners; you can't go wrong with a plextor dvd burner, but many are happy with lite-on (very cheap) which seems to work very well for what they charge.
i have a 5 yr. old lite-on cd burner/dvd player that's still chugging along very well.
with ram, i almost always go with..it's a big name in ram....geez the name escapes me, but often you'll find &quot;no-name&quot; brands are in fact made by a big name vendor if you do enough digging.
the first thing i always suggest to someone who's building their own is: what's your budget?
then work from there.
if you go to a configurator, when you're done, don't be surprised you may be spending thousands of dollars.
the bottom line with any hardware- there's no guarantees.
the top of the line can fail on you right out of the box, a cheapie can last for years.
that's why for the most part, i buy my parts from a local pc shop, where, if the piece of hardware fails within the store's warranty period, i just bring it back to them and let them worry about it (i'm just lazy).
my 6800 vid card that cost me a little over $400 tanked on me in about 8 months time- cuz i'm such a lazy-a** i still haven't sent it back to leadtek, who responded very quickly to my email.
also take into consideration what your needs are- are you a gamer?
no?
then you don't need the fastest chip on the block, and you'd do well with 512 megs of ram (what i consider the bare minimum to run xp).
are you interested in making your pc a &quot;tivo&quot;?
then you need to make sure you have a free pci slot for a tv tuner card.
not interested in that, then forget it, and move on.
like making your own movies from your digital camcorder?
then make sure you have a front firewire connection (less hassle than rooting around the back of the pc, and firewire is better than usb when transferring video- despite it being a bit slower in transfer rate).
there are so many factors when building your own, and i'm by no means the person with all the answers- i'm sure someone will come in here and challenge me on ati vid cards- to each his own.
i have my own biases as does everyone.
don't take my word as gospel.
sorry, gotta run, will try to add something later if it comes to mind.
brandon
