my motherboard took a bad flash a while back, wouldn't post, and didn't have a replaceable bios, so i had to buy a new one *so yeah, it's not like i had the chance to back up everything on my c:/ partition of my hdd*.
i have a samsung sv1203n and i just bought an abit ai7.
i'm running windows xp pro.
this is my problem: the abit does recognize my hdd when it's set as master, and gives me the ntldr error.
when i tried popping the windows xp cd in it first of all, didn't detect my other partitions, just my c:/ partition, and to my understanding if it doesn't detect my other 90 something gigs it'll install as if they don't exist and ruin the data that's on them.
tell me if i'm wrong on this.
anyways, the second problem is that windows will not give me a repair option, and will not let me simply install the os over the top of the os that's there.
it tells me that the hdd is either corrupted or too full *too full sounds more like it... the entire 30 something gigs is full since i used all the empty space in that partition to back up some data for my boyfriend* and that i have to completely format it to install windows.
i don't want to loose the data i backed up on it, but i will if i have to *only if i have to*.
i'm mainly worried about the other two partitions on there that windows isn't detecting.
now... this is where it gets really wierd... if i slave it in my boyfriend's computer, the hdd and all the partitions show up.
right now on my new motherboard i'm using a 10 gig, which has enough space on it for me to move the data from the c:/ partition on my old hdd on to it so i can install windows on my old hdd.
but when i try slaving my old hdd to the 10 gig, it doesn't show up.
the bios doesn't even recognize it's there.
i did manage to get windows to let me install it over the old copy of windows on the hdd but i still get the ntldr error.
it looks like my only choice is to somehow get my motherboard to recognize my hdd as a slave so i can pull the data off it and reformat.
can someone please please help me out with this?
