as lily tomlin once said: &quot;whoever thought up the term 'quality control' believed that if we didn't control it, quality would get out of hand.&quot; your luck is obviously better than mine.
i've never had an external hd last as long as yours.
however, your asking this question -- for which i thank you profusely --produced a ton of great advice for prolonging the lives of hds.
my thanks to all contributors.
my own advice -- dead serious here -- is to have two external hds (different models from different manufacturers) at all times...chances of them both dying on you simultaneously are minimal.
that's why i have two internal hds as well, with my most important data on both of them in addition to the externals.
this external hd advice is costly, but a lot less so as prices have continued to drop over the years.
finding a pc that can accept two internal hds isn't easy, but definitely worth the trouble.
the rest of this post is a personal tale of woe, simply to show how unreliable any hd can be....those looking for more advice should stop here and read what other contributors have suggested.
i knew i had bad karma with both internal hds when dell switched out over a dozen pairs -- all sata -- on my then brand-new desktop.
nothing worked until they replaced them with the older, slower ata generation.
thanks to a dell gold warranty purchased separately, it cost me nothing but time and angst.
there's nothing inherently wrong with sata drives or their even faster children.
dell just got a bad batch of them from the manufacturer.
and i happened to get one after another from that bad batch.
my guess is that -- with a few exceptions -- there's nothing inherently wrong with external hds either.
but that didn't stop my string of bad luck since i've had even worse experiences with external hard drives from every major manufacturer.
many only lasted 3 months then died, some without the &quot;click-click&quot; warning that failing externals are supposed to exhibit just before they die on you.
for those who've gotten this far, again read the advice of others.
it's bound to prolong your own life (via less stress) as well as of your hds.
thanks again to cnet and all who contributed.
may you and your hds live long and prosper.
