that you have a wireless modem that acts as a router as well, and if so, in your case, you don't need any other hardware.
i need a modem.
the modem supplied by my isp is just that, a modem.
but i have 3 computers around the house, and all need internet access at some time or other.
my main one is connected directly to the router via cable, and the other two are wirelessly connected.
i assume other users have similar needs.
however, like yourself, if my modem fails i need a replacement from my isp, and i can't do anything about that.
(i imagine others with technical know-how could, but that is not me, and i prefer to stay on the good side of my isp).
when we were using dial-up, we could use any dial-up modem we liked.
but with cable tv and cable broadband, as i understand it, the isp has control of what modems we use.
don't get confused by internet connection speed and bandwidth.
in many ways they are the same.
your connection speed of 3mb/sec is your maximum bandwidth, and sharing this between up to 8 devices will divide that bandwidth between all the devices.
however, bandwidth can also be affected by outside influences.
for example on my street many of the houses are cabled connected by one provider.
in the early days if the whole street was online, my own bandwidth shrank considerably because the isp could not provide more.
that rarely happens now and i seem to experience full bandwidth of my chosen plan most of the time.
one thing you mentioned can apply.
range.
wireless routers will increase the range, up to 300 feet, depending on the router used.
a wired connection will degrade the longer the cable is, but i am given to understand that this can also extend to some 200-300 feet.
however, wireless is much easier to set up over these ranges.
also, cables can deteriorate when exposed to the elements.
others here will have much better knowledge than i do.
i can only say the limited amount i know, but is there anything specific you are having problems with, or are considering?
hope that helps so far.
mark
