just to make you smile and make you realize that you're not so unlucky... i have a celeron 500mhz, maxed over the years to 320mb ram (from 64), a faster cd burner, and a dvd drive (as i prefer to backup anything on dvd since it's a lot cheaper than cd per megabyte), with 60 + 250gb storage space (as the first 13.5gb - weird capacity i know - died about 3 years ago - estimated at 1200$cdn for data retrieval) first, financial situation: broke college student having a 610$us+ repair cost on my laptop just waiting.
current state of the computer: - original keyboard has impaired functionality (ctrl+alt+del doesn't work in bios or boot, broken space bar - fortunately the side i don't usually tap) - replaced with a garbage-found one) - before, uptime of more than a month was achievable (record one was 3 months), but now, something around the ram seems to randomly stop working sometimes, causing a good old bsod, and can happen anytime - screen won't light at first press of power button if i don't unplug it before plugging it again then firing it - but sometime does !
what i do (or want to) with my computer: - ftp server - a good amount of downloading - video editing and conversion, and, i wish, acquisition - video viewing !
no game (for now), as you see.
of course it stays on 24/7, as my current 500mhz since 5 years now.
usually, i run 9 apps(inc. cachemanxp, smart hdd monitoring -to avoid unexpected hdd crash, as the repairs are $$$-, adaware monitoring, antivirus, trillian...) in the background, folding@home, thunderbird email, winamp, and about 20 to 25 internet windows, and a few folders open, all of which i consider moderate usage - heavy being when video editing) as you see, a heavy multitasker !!!
what i want my ideal computer to be/have: - not too power-hungry: running 24/7 probably means a good amount of dollars spent for it, even more now that electricity tariffs increase here in quebec; additionnaly, this will translate in longer runtime on the ups (actually a 400va, 12-yo with fresh batts - 30+kgs of it) in case of a power outage.
- again the most speedy storage money can afford, as i often run out of space on my 310gb total (no joke) - as i nearly can't support when a fast computer starts to rely on swap instead of ram; as some &quot;mono-taskers&quot; may be able to simple disable it, i wish i could, too, hence the need for at least 2gb, ideally dual-channel.
- a large (i like watching videos from my couch, not on my desk chair), 16:9 screen, economical in the medium run.
i wouldn't care to pay 200$ more for a lcd if the premium can be absorbed by the savings it generates from operating in 2 years or 3.
- any form of wireless won't be quite necessary, except ir for cell-syncing - of course, a silent, as i currently sleep beside it.
- i dream of: hot-overclockable processor, that would allow me to temporarily &quot;step on the gas&quot; while doing cpu-intensive tasks, even if that would mean unstable machine if run more than a few hours.
over the last few months, i thought about having a file server machine, running ftp, and having full 100mbps access speed to the hard disk over the network, then, beside it, a portable powerplant such as the one currently in repair, but, although it may save the cost of a full-featured desktop down to a network-optimized linux storage machine, there aren't as many external peripherals as standard, internal ones, plus they're usually pricier.
for the say, the portable is an athlon 64 3000+ (planned to get a mt-40), 512mb (planned to up it to 1gb), 60/7200 hdd and a dvd dl burner.
so, if i would want to do all i do, will it be cheaper to: - 1 file server, 1 portable pc, 1 above-average tv - 1 desktop, 1 ibook g4 14&quot;, 21&quot; 16:9 screen (lcd or crt)
