for me anyways... sure it looks good, but it goes way beyond that.
the os looks good too of course, but again, not my point.
my mbp has performed to and exceeded many of my expectations over the period of time that i have been fortunate enough to use one.
i must say, i could care less about heat issues (i use it on a laptop stand to deal with that), the graphics and other hardware are superb, and overall it's been great for me.
now i can't say the same for everyone, but for the most part, apple's got a good thing going.
my only quarrel with apple has been over build quality (ex: airport problems, case &quot;warping&quot;, etc.)
and afterwards, apple just replaced the thing with a newer one.
that one now sits on me desk, and with its newer, though somewhat dated today, santa rosa technology, it's much faster than its predecessor.
the only &quot;problem&quot; with this model is the build quality, and really, it's not even very bad on this particular machine, so i'm grateful for that.
but macs are supposed to be &quot;premium&quot; machines, and i have applecare, so i expect this issue to be eradicated all together.
the keyboard keys should be looked at too, but the main issues lie in the screen bezel, the aluminum above the magsafe charger port, and the area above the dvd drive.
that's where it is separating, and it would seem that it only gets worse over time, just like my previous mbp.
now that i have my imac all fixed up and running, i actually have a reliable mac to turn to while the other is in for repairs.
now that i think about it, it would be a quick repair anyway, since this time around all of the internal components are working perfectly (or so it would seem, lol).
all they would need to do is put in a non-crooked keyboard, and replace the aluminum shells around that, the screen, and on the back of the screen to fix the issue.
still, i think the macbook pro is one of the best notebooks out there.
cosmetic issues don't always affect the computer itself, and it works great as a computer, so i think that's where it scores big.
-bmf
