i purchased a computer from velocity micro on 2/7/2005.
it arrived with the hard drive cage loose inside, and with the cables pulled out.
i agreed to re-assemble the computer myself if they would extend the warranty to 3 years.
over the next year multiple components failed, including all 3 of the hard drives, video card, and fans.
the system started crashing with symptoms suggesting a hardware origin in october, 2006. knowing that i would be away for 4 weeks in january, 2007, i contacted cliff lowel, the service manager, in november 2006. i agreed to pay for an upgrade of the mother board and cpu if he repaired the the warranty problems with system.
he assured me that there would be no problem in having it back in my office before i returned.
i shipped the computer to him on january 8, 2007, expecting it to be in my office when i returned on february 12. it was not there, and after 1 weeks of daily promises that it will ship today i gave up and ordered a new computer elsewhere.
vm agreed to just return it to its original state under warranty.
the machine was finally sent to me at the end of march, and was missing 2 gb of ram memory.
after shipping the wrong memory and further delays they shipped the correct memory, which when installed did not function properly.
at no time did i remove the screws to the hard drive cage, nor did i inspect it to see if the screws had been installed.
i shipped the still inoperative machine back to them (now 3 months after they originally received it) and received the following in an email: it arrived severely damaged because the hard drive cage was completely unsecured and the video cards screw was missing.
its obvious that the screws were removed prior to shipping the pc back to us, your options at this point are to either pay for the repair replacement of the damaged parts, or to have the system shipped back to you as is.
they accused me of removing the screws holding in the hard drive cage before shipping it back to them!!!
the machine originally came new from vm with a loose hard drive cage, which speaks to poor quality control.
i know i did not remove the hard drive cage screws.
i cant explain where they went but their accusation that i removed them is false.
i can send you their emails if you like.
had they repaired it appropriately in a timely manner, and returned it with all the memory it was sent with, none of this would have been an issue.
this machine needs to be replaced under warranty.
