i have a presario 7598 and i am having a hell of a time.
yes, i have a different computer, newer that i use but i have the presario 7598 networked.
i think my kid got into it, he denies, because i locked him out of the kids computer.
it all started when i wanted to burn a cd and noticed the cd write drive wouldn't power on.
i usually watch tv on this pc and store stuff.
i went to do a factory restore as i found a nasty on the system save.
i used nortons trial version of antivirus because my mcafee was getting stubborn about reinstalling.
my first factory restore was from the system save.
guess, i didn't want to believe my cd/rw drive was kaput.
i did all kinds of things unplugged the cdrom and cd/rw and replugged from inside.
i like this computer because i never put the screws back in the case.
i have added a video card and a tv tuner and ethernet.
i also, noticed on hp's site the updates are all different like alot of them not there.
anyway, cd/rw still not working and cd rom not recognized in bios.
i have 2 restore cd's.
i unplugged the cd/rw drive power and ide.
great now bios boots from cd.
i decide i want to install mandrake linux, with partion windows 98se.
ok, i figure my intial factory install was corrupt because i found sulfnbk.exe, crude icon in the system save command file.
i had also copied the contents of the restore cd's earlier when it wouldn't boot from cd rom.
ok, i go to put the system restore cd's in computer to do a complete factory restore.
bango!
i get error #29. then i go and unplug hard drive and boot it up and power down and then replug it.
i have been in email chat with compaq.
they say nortons nav file locked the drive.
i have been going nuts.
loading old win 98 floppy to boot up.
it isn't finding my hard drive.
i even tried to load linux but i didn't understand about paraport something.
so now i think i should look and see if the hard drive is securely plugged in.
i have typed all kinds of things fdisk.exe format, even loaded a system restore from compaq floppy but with an error.
i need to reformat drive.
operating system not found.
