first of all, you shouldn't do anything if you aren't prepared to solve unexpected problems.
so, the answer to your question is &quot;maybe&quot;.
it depends on some other factors.
like, are you a+ certified?
if not, why?
do you not have the knowledge to pass the cert test?
you shouldn't even be attempting it if any of these answers are &quot;no&quot;.
the reason being you may do something wrong and ruin the brand new components you've purchased.
or you may mess things up to the point that you have to pay a tech to fix it anyway.
i would say, if you have the knowledge, prove it.
get certified.
then build a system.
at a microsoft technet meeting i attended a few months ago, the microsoft rep giving the lecture was giving some acronyms they had made up.
one of them is a &quot;stite&quot;, meaning a &quot;self taught it expert&quot;.
by reading some of the advise given in these forums, i would venture to say that probably around 60% of those giving advise are indeed &quot;stites&quot;.
they have little knowledge of what they are saying, and following their advise would be foolish.
per my a+ book (yes, i have my cert, as well as n+, windows 2000 professional, and windows 2000 advanced server certs along with a college degree in computer science), the main point to consider when you build your own is this; you are the technical support.
you can't call compaq or whoever when you have a problem.
that is why you must know exactly what you are doing.
otherwise you will end up paying someone like me to fix it.
the biggest advantage to building your own is you get to chose what you want in your computer.
you can get a motherboard where the nic, video, sound, and other components aren't integrated into the motherboard.
also, you buy the components at a computer supplier or wherever, so when it goes out, you can go to the same store and buy another one.
compare that to compaq, dell, hp, and others that are using integrated parts as well as proprietary parts.
there computers are cheaper to buy, but there is a reason.
say the power supply goes out after a few years.
dell likes to use a proprietary power supply that has a unique shape.
that way when it goes, you have to call dell and buy a new one at whatever price they want to charge you (usually two to three times more than a generic power supply).
many of the manufacturers are putting out systems that don't allow you to disable the onboard sound, video, or whatever.
that way, when the part goes, you must order a new motherboard (they are hoping from them).
that is why they are so cheap.
anyway, the answer to your question is &quot;how much do you know?&quot;
