jose, intergrated graphics means that the &quot;graphics card&quot; in the system is not really a graphics card at all.
the graphics on the system you are considering uses part of the system memory to generate the graphics.
256mb may sound like a large amount but it is miniscule when it comes to the new games or other graphics intensive applications like photo editing, streaming video, etc.
you cannot add additional memory to integrated graphics, you can add system memory but the graphics portion used by your machine will still be 256mb.
if you want to play the new games, edit photos or look at video on your computer i would recommend a discrete graphics card i.e.
a stand alone add in graphics card such as those manufactured by nvidia or amd ati.
for the new games you need a minimum of 512mb of graphics memory on your discrete graphics card.
however most of the new cards have at least 720mb up to 1tb of memory.
the more dedicated memory you have on your discrete card the more graphics intensive applications you will be able to run at higher resolutions and faster frame rates.
i peruse the packages available at costco regularly and they have some systems there that do have discrete graphics already installed.
i saw a gateway system at costco today that had a stand alone ati radeon hd4500 series graphics card and an acer system that had a nvidia geforce gt220.
both systems were selling for under $800.00 including cpu, monitor and peripherals (keyboard, muose, etc.).
you didn't say what your budget was but you could add a discrete graphics card to the system you are considering.
there are some older model graphics cards that are still carried new by some retailers or you may be able to pick up a used card on e-bay or other on-line auction site for a fair price.
i suggest you research graphics cards on the internet before you make your final decision.
there is some good information on wikipedia, at nvidia and ati.
i found both amd ati and nvidia chips comparison tables at  hope this helps you and you can get what you want for a reasonable dollar.
rick in calgary, canada
