i have been having some issues with my pc as of lately.
i was playing battlefield: bad company 2 and my screen went white and froze.
i had to reboot and from that point on the computer seemed slow and choppy.
i had an issue with a virus the week prior and did a reinstall of vista on a partition of my hard drive.
after this happened with the freezing, i reformatted and reinstalled windows.
i have received a whole slew of errors and blue screens including stop 0x00000124 and 0x00000116 errors.
the later of the two points to nvidia drivers and the first is a hardware error.
after reformatting and reinstalling windows as well as my chipset drivers and graphics driver, the computer would get to the point where the desktop would load but the screen would stay black.
after uninstalling and reinstalling the graphics drivers several times the issue continued.
i swapped out the 9800gx2 with an old 8600gt that i had and the card loaded up fine with the 8600 drivers.
after 15 minutes or so i stuck the 9800gx2 in and installed those drivers and the card seemed to be working fine.
i installed the remaining drivers for my sound card, keyboard, mouse, etc.
the pc still seemed choppy at times but wasn't blacking out or bsding so i reinstalled bad company 2. after playing for about 10 minutes i got another white screen and the game quit and i received a warning that the driver had stopped responding and had to restart.
from that point on the computer would flash in an out of black screens and the monitor would occasionally stop receiving a signal.
after restarting the computer, i could hear it load windows and go to desktop but the screen was black and would occasionally lose signal.
i've left it at that point.
here's what i have tried; reinstalling windows vista x64 reformatting my hard drive and reinstalling vista x64 reformatting and installing on a different hard drive unplugging non-required hardware to rule out conflicts and other hardware issues -removed sound card, dvd drive, sticks of ram, hard drives, etc.
still had issue rolling back to previous video drivers and installing latest drivers replacing the card with a different card specs: windows vista x64 gigabyte ga-ep35c-ds3r intel core 2 quad cpu q9450 2.66 ghz 4gb ram western digital 500gb hd nvidia 9800gx2 creative sb x-fi bfg 650w power supply it seems like after letting the pc sit for a while, the problem goes away but comes back after 5-10 minutes of running.
i am thinking that the cooling elements might be bad in the card.
