i did check the jumpers.
they were the same.
i had some other problems.
apparently the unit had been dropped years ago, and a corner of the power board was cracked, and the dvd carriage was rigged to work, do to a broken tooth on the carriage.
it always worked screwy; and i had to boot from a wall switch, because the on/off did not work.
anyway, after fixing a dead fan, blown capcitor on the power board, and soldering a jumper across the broken trace.
i got it back the way it should have run.
it now says hello on start up, and the on/off works.
still took some work getting the new bigger drive, to boot up.
i ended up having to do a hot swap.
on top of the hot swap; it seems the burner has to be plugged in to the board; for the hard drives to boot.
at first i thought my repairs had failed; but when i got desperate and tried to run a movie from disk, just to see if i could get anything to work; the hard drive booted right up.
i then entered the setup menu-did a hot swap for the erased drive i have been trying to install-then erased it; and now it reboots on its own.
no matter which drive i put in; when i pull the burner, then reboot; the menus won't load nor will either hard drive boot.
it took a hot swap, and complete harness hook-up to boot.
i think the hot swap, was key, to get the menus to load; and allow me to erase the other drive i am trying to install.
once i ran the erase, perhaps it also formatted; because it rebooted after that.
with the original drive completely removed.
now i have a harness quandary.
it looks like i am going to have to leave the flaky burner in the dvr to get the hard drive to boot, not entirely sure yet.
the ide ribbons that supply data, to both the hard drive and burner; are different than the standard ide (master slave) ribbon in most computers.
unlike the regular computer ide ribbons; the ribbons feeding the drives in the dvr, have all their pin sockets open for male pins.
the standard master/slave ribbons seem to have the one dead pin socket.
does anyone know, what to call these ribbon cables in the dvr.
they are exactly the same as the ide, just no blank pin in the middle.
i need to know what to call it; so i can hunt for them on line.
thank you.
