i was reading through the answers and noticed something missing, at least from what i've used with my own practices.
in the days past, i used to first use fdisk to delete the mbr (s) from any disc i was going to reuse, whereupon i would create a new mbr and do a full format followed by check disc (scandisk now?)
with full and fix arguments.
as others have noted, a full format should do the trick but in the fat32 days (and previous) there were copies of boot records that a few tricky viruses would contaminate.
partition magic was a program i used to also use to more easily mess with boot records and such using a gui.
it also gave some pretty obscure options to use for formatting which i would think would scramble things nicely.
i believe you could disconnect any &quot;good&quot; drives you have in your computer, connect the drive (s) you want to wipe and boot from the cd with partition magic on it (or another utility of the same nature) wipe the discs and away you go to install it into an enclosure of your choice.
nice job of one of the other reviewers to make sure you are using a pata or sata that applies to the disc (s) in question however getting an enclosure that will work for you might be worth doing a little research and looking for ratings on such.
i have several enclosures from way back when and remember that a couple of them worked well and a couple didn't.
they also make a handy little cable that comes with a power supply.
you can plug it into a usb port and connect it to 3.5&quot; and 2.5&quot; pata drives as well as sata drives.
i use that thing much more often than i use the enclosures.
i also like some of the &quot;drive caddy&quot; sorts of options that are available if you have many drives you want to use for data or what not.
you can just basically have it on your desk top and plug a drive into it, use it for what you need and remove it without having to have several external cases for each drive (if you have several) hope any of this is useful to you.
fr
