on 15 october 2005, i purchased a maxtor one touch ii external 200gb hdd.
this purchase was based on previous experience with a maxtor 40gb external hdd and a maxtor 80gb hdd, both of which were still functioning perfectly after 4 and 2 years, respectively.
when i hooked up the 200gb drive, it immediately took over the drive letter for the 80gb drive and at the same time the 40gb drive disappeared altogether.
i tried to reorganize the drive letter to no avail.
i assumed a conflict , switched the 80gb over to my other notebook where it was recognized immediately though it was now very sluggish.
powered down everything for night, assuming it had been a glitch.
next morning, more errors showed up.
drives on all three maxtors were not being recognized and message stated problem was due to an i/o device error.
separately hooking up each drive to either notebook found the same message.
spoke to my workplace info tech and he said this was recent problem that had been found with maxtor one touch.
he pulled all the drives out of their casings and was able to get a desktop pc to recognize them with appropriate drive letter but still couldnt open them.
found on maxtor knowledge base a description of problem with outside links for help.
all 3 maxtors were fat 32 format.
seems odd that the maxtor kb states that one of the &quot;most common reasons is using fat32 as the file system in a windows 2000 or xp system&quot;, as i have been running xp for over 2 years with no problems on the 40 or 80gb hdd.
my info tech checked out external links and found getdataback (no relation to company or financial incentive) the best to salvage my drives.
the program can be run without purchase so you can check whether the drive is salvagable.
program cost $120 us as i wanted to cover fat32 and ntfs formats.
we were able to save almost everything (7 years of thesis work, photos, financial date).
word of caution on getdataback; make sure you dont ask to recover files that you had previously deleted on the drive.
the 36gb database spiraled to over 400gb before we realized what the problem was.
also a separate hdd is required to feed all the recovered data to.
i used a drive at work that was unhooked from the network.
for now, i have a western digital 200 gb external where everything is housed.
maxtor 200gb has been returned to vendor and i will never buy another maxtor again.
