hey, i'd just like to say i'm brand new to these forums but i've been going to cnet a long time for various articles and reviews.
this is my first pc build ever, i've been thinking about it for months, asking people what they think about it, and i'm about ready to finalize.
however i would like to run this by you guys and ask a few specific questions.
i will list all the parts and links to newegg to make this a little bit easier for someone looking at the thread, so they don't have to go and search it themselves case: cooler master haf 912  cpu: intel core i5-3570k  gpu: asus gtx 670  &lt;div&gt; mobo: asrock z77 pro3 lga 1155 etc etc etc  &lt;div&gt; ram: corsair xms3 8gb (2x 4gb)  &lt;/div&gt;&lt;span&gt; hdd: western digital caviar wd1002faex 1tb  heatsink (i plan to oc in the future, not sure how much): cooler master hyper 212 evo  wireless adapter: asus pce-n15  that's all i have picked out so far.
feel free to make suggestions on changes i can possibly make.
i do have a few specific questions though 1) will that motherboard work for what i have?
1a) how many usb ports will it have available.. i need around 4-5 total to plug in all of my regular peripherals 1b) i have a headset that has surround sound.
on the headset there is the classical pink and green 3.5mm jacks.
it also has a black one and an orange one, both of which i see on this motherboard.
will it give me the true surround sound or will i have to buy a soundcard as well?
2) will i need to buy any extra cables whether it be for power or data transfer, or will what i have selected come with it 3) with the heatsink that i have picked out, how far would i be able to oc the cpu (nothing extreme, just to get a little bit of extra juice out of it).
i have never done it before, so i don't know about voltages and stuff.. would something like 4.2ghz be alright to oc to and still be able to run at a low temperature using that heatsink?
all in all the computer looks to be between about $1225.00 and $1300.00 depending on where i buy it and shipping costs etc.
if you have any input, don't hesitate.
please.
&lt;span&gt; &lt;/div&gt;
