sometimes you have to keep it simple on things like this.
do what is the more likely and progress from there.
microsoft had an update recently that broke a lot of drivers and i had to restore to fix the problem.
sometimes you can boot up - but have errors like yours.
however, in my experience i have seen these things happen in this order of likelyhood: 1. sometimes a simple scan disk with both repair options checked can fix the problem; followed by defragmentation.
2. malware recently infected can be the problem but others here have already covered this.
3. i already assume you didn't replace any hardware but microsoft and driver updates can cause problems with the boot process.
a quick check of the device manager for &quot;splats&quot; on your hardware is well worth looking at.
if there are any yellow ?
signs then it is time to have it scan for hardware changes, update the driver, or reinstall the driver.
if this doesn't work go to the vendor for that device and download updates.
make sure xp is fully updated before doing this.
4. now it is time to try the most likely reason your having problems; but this will take more effort and so i list it last.
some hard disks need to be low level formated with their in-house disk utility before the operating system is installed, if you don't do this from the get go, the disk geometry can be off set and can cause serious problems later; including loss of all data.
the advise to use the original manufacturers diagnostic utility is a good one; but remember if you don't find anything physically wrong with the hard disk, you may have to start over and format the hard drive with the manufacturers utility.
usually this is on the same disk as the diagnostic utility.
all major manufacturers usually have a floppy or cd maker download so you can make the disk(s) yourself.
i have had better luck with the ones that burn a cd-rom as a more complete formating of the mbr area is done more easily that way.
5. there are many ram test utilities that can check your ram modules.
the vendor there again is the best source but i have had great luck just using the top rated utilities here on cnet at download.com.
this is also well worth the time compared to messing inside your system units.
