my parents have told me they'd like to help me with getting my hard drives backed up.
i think the best solution would be to get a hard drive in an external enclosure, and clone the drives and partitions.
right now i have an 80gb hdd (which has a ~37gb xp partition with &lt;13gb free, a ~28gb w7 beta partition with &lt;20gb free, and the rest is ubuntu linux, which i can't see the capacity remaining from in windows), a 250gb hdd with ~10gb free, and a 750gb hdd (with a 509gb partition with ~65gb free, a 127gb partition with ~66gb free, and a ~61gb partition with &lt;5gb free).
the 61gb partition on the 750g drive is a backup made a couple months ago at my parents' request of the 127gb partition (and squeezed down so it didn't take more space on the drive than needed), so i probably don't need to back that up, unless you all think i should.
also, i'm probably going to be needing to purchase a new hard drive (but i'll be paying for that myself) for main data storage in the not-too-distant future, as i'm starting to run a bit low on space on the drives i have.
(when i do, i'll want to retire the 80gb drive, and move all its partitions onto the 250gb drive (and juggle other things around as necessary).
in the meantime, i'm hoping that a 1tb drive would be sufficient to back up the drives i now have (which is actually 1.08tb, but there's more than .08tb of available space).
one thing though, while i'm willing to shrink partitions on the backup media as necessary, i'd rather not have to do that.
so.. after that long-winded rambling... what would you recommend for a backup solution?
a drobo is not an option, due to being several times over our price range.
personally, i'd prefer to get an internal 1tb drive that's good quality (looking at the $90-110 price range) and mount it in a good quality external enclosure (would like to get one under $30).
or, would i be better off just getting an external drive that is sold as such, and if so, will i be able to swap out the drive for a larger one later as needed without voiding the warranty (assuming i do the swapping out myself, not taking it to someone else to do it)?
as for the interface, my computer has usb 2.0 and firewire ports (mobo is a gigabyte ga-ma69g-s3h), and i would consider adding an esata card.
i really would like to keep the total price as low as is reasonably possible, but i don't want to get junk.
(if the total price is $85, i'd be worried, but if it is upwards of $150, i think my parents would balk at buying it for me.)
as far as where to buy, i like newegg (yes i have to pay sales tax, but one of their distribution facilities is within 120 miles of here), but if you can recommend another vendor i'd be willing to consider it.
