in the sense that it is lightweight as you say.
it's footprint isn't small, but you can carry it and stick in several places because of its &quot;thick/thinness&quot;.
it is &quot;portable&quot; and more so because it is easier to carry; that's the bottom line.
however, it isn't small .
it's light, and that's why it will never be a true replacement for the old 12-inch powerbook.
personally, i would go with the air just because i can use the os on it, but i still think i would get more out of the lenovo x300 with all of its connectivity options.
it's running vista on a slower processor, it's not as &quot;shiny&quot;, nor is it as thin.
but we all know that thinkpad will get the job done.
i think that the air concept is a good one, but its designated target is somewhat slim in comparison to other portables.
honestly, for less money, i'd go with a much more powerful macbook.
the only sacrifices there are the cosmetic features and the weight, but really, you're only giving up the ambient light sensor and aluminum enclosure.
the air is pretty sweet.
just picking one up and using at the store for a few minutes tells you that.
i like how it looks, but that's not why i try it out.
the trackpad and its weight are far more interesting.
i watch the screen, and that's about it.
apple knows what it's doing with the air, but until they can get it up to speed, put in more storage and offer removable upgrades (ram, batteries), there's no point.
version 2 should be much better.
if apple can bring the air up to specs and performance comparable to the standard macbook, then it's just a matter of how much portability you want and how much you want to spend on it.
on a side note, i just got an airport extreme card for me old imac g4, and i was more interested in looking at the new imacs at the store than the air.
installing the card in the base of the computer was easy; connecting to the network, not so much.
the area between the user-accessible ram slot and airport slot in the base is made of plastic or something like it, so i tried to be careful, but i didn't plug the antenna cable in the card all the way.
big mistake.
course i opened it back up and got it running now.
gotta love this lampshade.
what bothers me is that the software install disk for other airport utilities installs the now dysfunctional internet connect app (which works in tiger, but not in leopard) and some other airport utilities that i will never need.
apple should make those disks more current... whatever, i just threw the three apps in a folder in my utilities section.
i got this thing working now and i don't feel like deleting anything in case it something happens.
too bad it is only wifi b/g.
but it is plenty fast now.
i would much rather get another mbp over the air.
1-inch thick is still amazing to me, and 2.5ghz is whopping fast in a portable computer these days... i need my existing one to be looked at anyway.
both the keyboard and aluminum exterior aren't quite perfect (minor case separation and crooked keys...).
but it's solid and is what i expected out of a mac, save those cosmetic problems.
the air is all looks and weight i think.
again, it won't be worth it till version 2 or 3, like the iphone.
i see the 3g iphone becoming a big seller.
only a few more days till wwdc and then we'll see.
-bmf
