i have a frustrating question.
over the past two weeks i have been dealing with a video problem on my dell dninspiron 8500 (2.2 ghz mp4, 512 mb ram, nvidia geforce4 4200 64mb go video card).
after two weeks of searching and toiling and reading thousands of community forum posts the culprit ended up being a little pin (that tells the computer to go into standby mode) that had worked its way out of place and was sending a continuous signal to go into standby.
i fixed it rather easily once identified, inspite of finding many posts from dell representatives stating that the mother board needed to be replaced for this problem.
if i had stopped there everything would have been fine.
unfortunately for me, while searching the dell knowledge base, i also discovered that dell recommended a bios upgrade for my video card.
since i was steeped indealing with video card issues at the time, once i fixed the pressing problem i decided to follow their recommendation and flash the bios to update my video card.
they offered two options, and being slightly lazy, i decided to go with the easiest method which entailed downloading the flash utility and running it from my hard drive.
i followed the directions explicitily and quit all applications before starting, then launched the utility and ran it.
it then posted an additional window that stated this should take a few seconds to complete.
after 10 minutes i was starting to get a little worried.
i clicked on the original window only to be told that it was no longer responding!
of course, i was very concerned about what just happened and you guessed it, upon restart i got nothing!
the hard drive light flashes a couple times, but never spins up.
i get no splash screen, and clearly it just stops at that point.
now i am trying to determine if there is any way to reflash the bios (blindly -- without an operational lcd).
i tried making a bootable floppy disk but my laptop will not boot from it...possibly because it doesn't realize i switched the cd drive with a floppy drive.
i am trying to make a bootable cd, but not sure how to get the flash utility to run automatically.
i am desparately searching for any ideas.
do i really need to buy a new video card?
can it really not be re-flashed?
help!
help!
help!
please.
