hi virginia, i've worked on multitudes of these western digital type external hard drives.
in nearly every instance, it was not the hard drive that was corrupted, but instead, the interface that western digital uses inside the external backup was bad.
what i mean is this.
your data is most probably still intact if you haven't accidentally deleted it.
your next step is to remove the hard drive from the case and hook it up directly to the computer.
it's really not easy to take apart, but you can find the instructions using google and searching for &quot;disassemble western digital&quot;.
find the link that describes the type of western digital external you have.
follow those instructions to remove your hard drive from its cover.
from here you have a couple of options.
the first option is easiest and one i recommend.
you can order a new usb hard drive enclosure for under $20.00 and simply and easily mount the hard drive you removed from the western digital rig into the new one.
from there you can plug it into the usb port and you should be good to go!!!
windows 7 may ask you if you want to assign a volume to the drive, but beyond that it should work fine.
if you want to be sure the western digital drive is working before you spend more money on a new enclosure, you have a second option, but you'll still need a sata cable to connect the drive to a desktop, and the desktop will have to have an available sata connector to plug in to.
in most circumstances, modern motherboards use sata connectors.
on your desktop, remove the cover door (usually just two thumb screws on the back) and look at the motherboard to see if you have sata connectors (just follow the cable from the existing hard drive already in the computer to the motherboard.
it will be either a 3 inch wide ribbon cable or a half inch wide sata cable.
if it's a sata cable then you're in luck, and there should be more than one.
you can use an empty one that's available).
you will need a sata connector cable to connect your hard drive to the desktop motherboard, and you will need a second 1&quot; wide power connector from the power supply of your desktop as well.
you can't plug these in the wrong way, so turn of and unplug your computer, connect the sata cable to the hard drive, then connect the sata cable to an available sata connector on the motherboard (it should be right next to the one mounted in your desktop), and finally connect a sata type power connector to the hard drive.
once you've accomplished this, turn on the desktop and it should recognize the newly installed hard drive.
if your computer doesn't recognize the hard drive, then the hard drive has most likely failed.
if this is the case, you may be able to salvage some data using data retrieval software described it other posts.
another option (more expensive but much easier for you) is to take the western digital external to a small computer shop (like mine) and let them do it for you.
a final word of advice.
never give up on retrieving your data before a qualified professional who you trust tells you it can't be saved.
i've run into many circumstances where customers have been told their hard drives were trashed, and been able to completely restore the data.
good luck virginia
