your idea of backing up just to dvd's might be fine now, but there are numerous things that can happen to the dvd's and you have to remember and be ready for that.
for example what would you do if you backed up your data on your dvd's and your house caught fire, your pc was destroyed in the blaze, and the dvd's become molten coasters.
in this situation you would have lost all your data, which is why your backup needs to be stored away from the original, and even better if it is stored in more than one place.
i store my important documents in numerous places, i have it on my hard drive, online (through gmail) and on my phone.
in addition to this gmail also do additional backups as has been discovered recently when a gmail software bug deleted a lot of people's e-mails.
gmail were able to retrieve peoples e-mails from tape backups that they'd made.
ok it might have taken the person longer to retrieve the data than normal, but the data was still safe.
in my case if my pc was to fail, i've still got the data either on my phone or on gmail, if gmail was to fail they've got my data on backup tapes, and no doubt they also keep copies on numerous servers around the world as well, as well as on my phone or pc, and if my phone fails, or gets lost or stolen my data is still on my pc and gmail.
one really useful feature that most people overlook on their phone is the synchronization option.
if you have a smartphone you should have a sync option (i have a htc hd2 windows mobile 6.5 phone with activesync which works with google), this can help you with your backups as you can set it to automatically sync most of your data with something else, either gmail or your local pc or both.
i have it set up to store anything i add to the phone to gmail the minute i add it to the phone, that way if anything happens to my phone i can still access the data on my phone through my google account.
it then also syncs with my pc when i get back home.
the only issue with this is data costs, however i'm on giffgaff and for 10 a month i get unlimited data usage through my phone so it's not an issue for me.
