this has undoubtedly been the worst customer service experience of my life.
i purchased an asus netbook in may 2010; this post will be a very brief summary of unbelievably poor service.
shortly purchasing the asus netbook, it died.
after several long and frustrating calls; their service techs told us it was a battery issue and sent a new one, which took way too long.
that did not solve the problem as the unit remained dead, and after many more calls, we shipped the unit back to asus for repair.
weeks later it was sent back to us with a new battery charger.
we used the unit for a week, went to re-charge the battery, and found asus had sent us the wrong charger.
after a couple of more calls, i requested from a supervisor that a new charger be shipped to me overnight mail; he told me we needed to send him the charger and then they would send us a new one, and not overnight.
i refused to do this and demanded an overnight shipment given the complete inconvenience asus was causing me and the fact that i was about to travel and wanted to take it with me.
he told me he would make the request and that we would receive a call that night to confirm the overnight shipping.
we never got the call, and i have called their service line three more times, having been disconnected, then put on hold for over 30 minutes.
right now i've been on hold for another 30 minutes waiting to talk to yet another supervisor to get the adapter overnighted to me.
worst of all, we have been without a working netbook for 5 of the 7 months since i purchased it, and their customer service has been horrendous.
i could never consider another asus product or recommend asus to anyone, and am, in fact, thinking of posting this story on as many consumer open forum and message boards as possible.
i cannot imagine how asus allows this level of service to exist.
all they do is throw standard answers at you, followed by bureaucratic process.
if you're reading this, do yourself a favor and avoid asus at all costs.
