i would like the ability to boot a second hard drive on my pc.
no, i don't mean dual boot.
i mean really boot another hard drive, with the regular c: drive not required.
most people i discuss this with immediately ask, &quot;why would you want to do such a thing?&quot;.
their question is so automatic, i'm amazed.
i come from the vms world where this capability has existed and been used extensively over 30 years.
if you already understand why i want this &quot;bizarre&quot; capability, skip the following numbered reasons.
1. my c: drive has just become unbootable and i want to boot another hard drive with all my debugging and repair software.
maybe i can find the problem and fix it without reinstalling windows and reconfiguring everything.
then i can recover that critical file i didn't back up.
2. i have a new operating system beta from microsoft and i would like to try it before installing it on my production c: drive.
and i don't trust ms to roll back to my currently stable and working operating system without any change whatsoever.
3. i turn my computer over to the local boy scout troop every saturday morning.
i don't want them working on my regular hard drive.
instead, i want to give them a hard drive of their own, totally independent of my hard drive and any changes i may make on it.
are we clear?
hard drive c: is dead, gone, isolated, off, unplugged, or just hiding its head.
i want to boot drive e: and get a full windows 2000 operating system.
a suitable alternative is to change the name of hard drives (or partitions thereof) so that what was drive c: is now (say) drive l: and drive e: turns into drive c:.
i have never found anyone who knows how to do this on a pc but i suspect it may require a new or updated bios.
is this true?
if i appropriately update my bios will i be able to install a full free-standing windows 2000 on my e: drive?
and then can i boot drive e: with the control cable disconnected from drive c:?
or is there another viable approach?
can i restore a backup of my c: drive to my e: drive and then boot the e: drive?
i realize this may may add a problem if the restore software doesn't leave a boot block on my e: drive.
any suggestions for how to built a boot block on drive e:?
what about partitions on the second hard drive?
if i have it partitioned as drive e: and f:, can i boot either one (assuming each has a working operating system)?
can i put linux on drive f:, windows 95 on drive g: and myownos on drive e:?
and will each of these operating systems have the potential to read/write all other drives on the motherboard?
