...especially as i can't find the cpu support for the p4g8x motherboard!
whatever happened to websites that actually showed old support pages....&lt;sigh&gt; the problems you describe, ie :cpu type errors, speed setting messages, and even power button operation changes all indicate a problem with the motherboard bios.
these settings are all saved in the bios (even how the reset button works) and if you're having problems with them, it's easy to check....look at the time shown by your pc's clock.
any failure or loss of bios settings usually has the clock show obviously wrong times.
this can be as simple as the battery on the motherboard is discharged (shove a new one in), or the jumper for resetting the bios is in the wrong position (look in the manual for the ''clear'' and ''normal'' positions).
more fundamentally, the motherboard may not actually have the relevant cpu support (which i can't find) without an updated bios flash, or you're suffering some hardware failure.
the last would require testing the system out of the case, with less bits plugged in, then gradually adding boards and drives, to see at what point it becomes unstable.
anyway, with a failed battery you would initially have the system start up as normal, but after use any power it did contain would be lost.
then when you power off and retry you'd get odd errors as the bios battery is now completely drained etc.
this has less apparent effect if you only reset, as the bios entries have already been checked when you first powered up.
the simple fix is....don't power off so much!
lol switch on, use your pc as normal, and when you're done either go into standby (switch off your monitor remember!
), or use it's inherent processing power to help....  (help find treatments/cures to cancer and other diseases)  (hiv/aids treatments, decrypt the human proteome)  (cancer treatments, and human proteome)  (climate change....by leaving your pc on!)
(look for aliens...they might have the answers to the above!
lol) good luck, geebee.
