i have an hp officejet pro 8600 that i bought new about 6 months ago.
i bought an hp-branded 950xl black cartridge for it and it just ran out of ink.
i refilled it using ink from a refill company that i've used many times over the years in other hp printers, and i followed the instructions on refilling it which included having to drill it through the little ball on the bottom to get ink into it & then plugging the hole, which worked out fine.
but when i try to print now, it says the cartridge is depleted.
here's what all i've tried --- i've been told this printer has a menu item that says &quot;cartridge chip information&quot; that would allow me to stop it from checking the cartridge chip, but mine doesn't, so i'm guessing that's an older model.
while searching for a solution, i noticed that at least one other person has the same problem with not having that menu item & they never found any help for it either.
i tried reinstalling the printer & the software, but no luck.
i also tried the alleged factory reset method, but it doesn't work; that's where you turn it off, wait 10 secs, then turn it back and press the leff arrow 4 times when it first comes on.
i tried this at various points that might constitute the generic phrase &quot;when it first comes on&quot;, including when the green power button lights up, when the hp splash screen starts, when the pc gives me a notification that it recognizes the printer is on, and after the main menu comes up, all to no avail.
fyi, there's nothing in user manual about resetting anything except the network info.
i also couldn't access the alleged &quot;secret menu&quot;.
i also tried unplugging it & replugging it in, also cutting off the power source abruptly at the surge supressor i use, both with no luck.
if there is no workaround on this, i'm getting rid of it & will look for another inkjet printer that can copy/scan/print & will allow me to use either remanufactured oem cartridges or generic cartridges to refill on my own.
any suggestions for one that will give me little problem with that & will run on windows 7 ultimate os?
