when you delete a file it asks do you really want to delete the file.
this is not what i am talking about.
the problem is counting on the files being there as you are a business and need to share files with different computers (different people sharing them or having them there when you go to another location).
other users are finding: the files are deleting and therefore not available to them when they need them (and to avoid this they have to back them up on both locations often - daily, as soon as they get them, etc.).
dropbox stops sharing - and the feature of dropbox (have two or more locations being able to see them) is not longer there.
so you are back to emailing pictures to each other or having to wait till you get to other computer - e.g.
dropbox is not functional.
this does not happen all the time, took us 3-4 months of heavy useage before we ran into the problem.
i am trying to warn people don't count on dropbox working, there are a lot of bugs.
yes it is useful but don't count on it working.
spend time backing up daily (or more often) so you have the files at both sides (vs counting on dropbox working).
have a backup plan with dropbox stops working and don't expect dropbox to be able to resolve the issues at all let alone in a timely manner.
i am bowing out of this conversation, the business users that want to count on dropbox understand fully what i am saying, as i said they can easily verify what i said by checking the dropbox forum.
waytron - as i said, 3/4 looks like user caused (e.g.
software setup on their computer like antivirus stops dropbox) 1/4 is dropbox bugs.
and the lack of customer support is the same for paid accounts and non paid accounts, though they seem to come back quicker with the paid accounts (but still the problems don't get solved unless it is something simple like turn off your antivirus).
we considered going up to paid version, but are taking another paid product instead because of the problems dropbox has.
now, to make sure i don't get any more emails when people respond to this post.....
