i went through the posts with all good suggestions rather fast but still haven't seen full system spec.
agp system requirements are different than that of pci-e systems where the power supply is concerned.
since the system ran fine for some time then started having hiccups, i would check the power supply first.
either using a millimeter or the hardware monitor in the cmos setup utility (bios) check the output of the +3.3v rail, if it is any lower than 3.14v, that is where the problem is; agp cards do use the +3.3v rail, for instance, the 9800 gtx agp, draws 16.5a from the +3.3v rail without going in to the additional large molex as well as other rails providing juice directly from the agp socket!
most newer power supplies are designed for pci-e systems with +3.3v rail with a max out put of 20a, if we had you full system spec, we could recommend a power supply to use in your current system and still be able to move it to a pci-e system when you upgrade.
ocz stealth xstream 600w is what i am using with my a7n8x-e deluxe, barton 3200+ and your exact card which is more hungry then the 9800 gtx agp.
this ocz has 36a on the +3.3v rail as well as 4 +12v rails with one dedicated to the pci-e plug #1 then the 4 +12v rails yellow wires are distinguished with a different color strip that make power distribution easy.
if your +3.3v rail has fallen bellow 3.14v and/ or you have exceeded the max output of your +12v rail /s and/ or the max combined output of the (+3.3v & +5.0) + (+12v) rails, there is your issue right there.
a new proper power supply carefully selected as per each rail's output and not by wattage, would most certainly bring some life back in to your system even if there has been minor damage to the board's capacitors and/ or regulators.
after all the hard ware check, we could concentrate on the state of your os, updates, patches drivers and such.
few points to consider in case you do not post your full system spec including the make and model of your power supply including the readings for max out put in amps per rail.
most newer drivers are designed for pci-e systems, newer chipsets and so on; an older driver might work better with your chipset and setup.
after considering all suggestions for cooling and all, ensure that the first pci slot after the agp slot is not used, i believe this vid card covers it any way.
if using any sound card, try using the 2nd pci slot if possible.
check all capacitors for bulging and/ or leaking.
for a p4 agp based system, consider a power supply with around 30a on the +12v rail, around 25a for the +5.0v rail and at least 30a on the +3.3v rail.
happy computing
