in a nutshell and as shortest explanation i can render... the psu is the most underrated componet of the system.
that's due to its install and forget nature.
once installed it should deliver it power(wattage) rating at a stable output.
however, that's not always the case either due to being actually under-rated or stressed out from demands.
take that into account, let''s not forget any heat build-up and added future devices.
it was common to have 250w-350w not too long ago for a basic system.
but, with the added technology of better video, more ram, added hds or cds, usb, these too need power.
the quick cure is a bigger wattage psu.
not only that but a &quot;high quality&quot; one is a must.
psus are now sold up to 1000w.
better system cases come with no psu, you add what you need.
however, typical cases are sold with a psu and generally may do well if only the system is simple in nature.
once, you get into gaming, heavy graphics or raid type systems then power consideration has to included beforehand otherwise it has to be dealt with later.
what that means is you head-off any possible future problems that may include freezes, reboots, or shutdowns as power issues cause unstable device failures.
many will attempt to correct device or system failures to exclude the psu as the source of the problem.
temporary fixes may seem ok but they come back or cause greater problems in short order.
these are to include outright device failure like graphics, motherboard or even the psu itself.
a general rule of thumb is any rated psu should deliver 75% as a regular stable output and the rest for &quot;peak periods&quot; which should be short lived.
that's to say, its doing it job under such conditions is very good.
once those demands start to exceed and become the norm above a 75% level, replacement is a must as the stress will be noticed in flaky problems whatever they maybe.
i suggest you google for wattage demands of all your componets/devices, add them up and then place a 50% increase to that value and then seek a psu that meets or exceeds that value.
thus, getting a better(namebrand?)
psu to meet those demands.
i like to stress quality as a important aspect of such a psu as possible, as its greater cost more is well worth it.
understand also, that psus when under heat stress or heat build-up conditions will deliver a degraded rating level, again quality matters.
as the psu is counted on so much when it starts to waver, it cause system componets and/or devices to also waver and thus lead to those to falter too.
understand as well, a larger psu only uses x-watts to meet the demands of the system.
any left over or &quot;untapped&quot; is in reserve and is called only as the system needs more, so don't be concerned if too big of psu rating is installed, it doesn't matter.
i exclude any physical sizing or constraints the manufacturer presents.
what makes-up a quality psu?
those build having thicker gauge wiring, heatsinks, good componets(caps, xsisters and such) plus a reliable safety overload feature.
i leave out the gimmicks, like leds, fancy lighted fans, control panels, and cable connections as these fall more into mods, and/or cosmetic issues which in general don't anything to really improve the stability of the psu.
last, &quot;cheap is cheap&quot; so don't expect finding most cheap psus to remain cheap once it fails or causes problems.
finis ----- willy
