how 'bout this for a horror story: lady has a brand-new apple g4 laptop, and paid for a 4yr extended warranty.
cd gets stuck in the slot-load cd tray.
has a homegrown xerox'd flyer that was stuck in her door advertising pc repairs and furniture for sale.
guy comes and picks up the laptop, brings it back a couple days later telling her the charge would be $85 (no invoice or service ticket).
she writes him a check and as he's going out the door, says something like &quot;umm, the cd doesn't always go in right, so you have to push it in all the way.&quot; (note: the apple g4 slot-loading mechanism should grab the disk and pull it the rest of the way in after only inserting it gently about an inch or less) she gets suspicious (about time!)
and puts a cd in.
not only does she have to insert it all the way in, once it's in, it doesn't play.
confronted with this information, the pc guy says something lame like &quot;well it worked fine for me&quot;.
she tries it again... same thing.
at which point she says, &quot;give me my check back&quot; (she's getting smarter).
he leaves (sans check) and says he'll call her later.
now she brings the laptop to one of my techs, who she knows personally (and knew that he was a computer tech) and says, &quot;can you take a look at this?&quot; my tech looks at the laptop and immediately notices that there are screwdriver/knife blade gouges and scratches all around the perimeter of the once nice white pristine apple case.
furthermore, the lid is warped and will not close without a slight bowing.
next we discover that the battery locking latch is busted and the battery cover will not seat flush with the case anymore.
for those not familiar with laptop cases in general and apple cases in particular, there are several screws that hold the two halves of the case together.
some are visible and some are frequently hidden underneath the (easily removable) rubber feet.
in the case of the apple, these are star screws and you need a star bit or star screwdriver to remove or insert them.
one of the screws showed a couple of light scratches where someone might have tried to use a phillips or flat-tip screwdriver (and failed), but there were no indications that the rubber feet had been removed.
so... scratch (literally) one brand new laptop and the extended warranty.
two points to make here: 1. there are a lot of fly-by-night so-called &quot;techs&quot; out there who don't have a clue what they're doing, have no certifications or formal training, no bond, no insurance, and often, not even a legal business.
sure, they're cheap but you know what they say about getting what you pay for.
shame on them.
2. the lady should have known better than to answer a cheap yard flyer advertising pc repair and furniture for sale in the first place.
shame on her.
an afterthought: even going to some pc shops and stores is no automatic guarantee, but at least you know they're a legitimate business, and therefore have a lot more to lose if they do shoddy work.
and don't even talk to me about the geek squad.
