in just few months by both intel and amd, that are not backwards compatible.
for example, i understand windows vista is going to be 64 bit operating system (32 bit available?
for how long?)
and amd is or has just lauched am2 64 bit processor that needs a new motherboard to go with.
it seems that in general graphics cards evolve faster than other hardware these days, but most of that processing power is really used only in the latest games.
at the moment there are not that much of software that can utilise 64 bit processors, especially dual core ones (and not too long we most likely see 4 core ones), but soon the situation may be that new software comes with two flavours for 32 and 64 bit processors.
as intel has stopped producing 32 it processors (correct me if i'm wrong) i don't think microsoft produce or support software for 32 bit machines much longer - especially with the lauch of vista.
if your money is burning in your pocket, buy at least a computer with 64 bit processor.
amd's socket 939 is the ''latest'' of old architecture but you can buy the cheapest 64 bit processor now and wait for the dual core processors to drop prices further - a simple bios upgrade will allow the change.
or you could just buy a new motherboard kit (motherboard, processor and ram) and keep the rest of the hardware from your old system, giving you a litle extra towards a best graphics card you can afford.
many companies offer special price for these kits and it guarantees that the hardware will be compatible.
make sure the motherboard has pci express port for the graphics card, for ''future proofing''.
i am pretty much of a novice when it comes to computers, but if i can do a simple upgrade, anyone can!
there is very little that go wrong these days, as long as you have done your homework about compatibility of a few things, and there is plenty of help availale on internet.
usually vendors are also happy to give you advice if there is a known problem with the compatibility of your chosen componenets.
with upgrading/building your systemm yourself, there is also the satisfaction of knowing the innards of your computer and you are not tied to one sellers choice.
it also allows you to spread the cost, meaning that you can afford better quality than if you bought the whole system all at once.
formatting a hard disk, maybe even installing os can be a bit daunting but you could pay a small sum for a friendly computer repair shop to do this for you, if you cannot enlist a friend.
as for future proofing, there is no such thing!
my rule of thumb is to buy the best system you can afford, for your needs now.
