ok stan before i disperse my stite knowledge, i feel that you should know i am one of those people that think experience leads to understanding what you're talking about.
but a good degree is obviously better looking in an interview.
so then; i have built all the computers i have ever owned from bits and pieces of other computers.
they have all turned out to be good machines for the time i had them.
(approx.
5 machines) i chose what parts to use.
whether or not i needed to change a part; and that was all pretty simple.
building a pc is alot easier than most people think.
it's kinda like a labeled jigsaw puzzle.
(if you have a motherboard diagram) but, if there was ever a problem, i had to figure it out my self.
i was always taking care of the computers.
they never seemed to work how i wanted, when i wanted.
it was a major hassle.
then, for graduation, my dad bought me a gateway pc.
i got to choose certain parts over other brand names, but that's about all the customizing i could do.
when it finally came in, all that was required of me was to plug everything in and turn it on.
this was very nice.
now my computer was virtually free of the problems i had before...untill i installed my programs.
then i had some of the same problems, and some new.
i had a file manager stuck on my desktop for a while, and i figured that my tech support i paid for would help me out.
i was wrong.
help desks, tech support, they all pretty much stink.
granted they are getting better, but they could not solve my problems.
for the prices i paid to get that 3-year warranty, have my pc shipped, and the pc itself (not to mention the customization i did later on) i could have built my own pc, fully customized to my liking, and ended up with the same problems.
building your own pc can be cheep.
buying a pc from dell, gateway, hp, etc.
can be cheep.
it all depends not on how much you know, but do you understand what you will get either way.
build your own: get what you want; some online places it's cheep; no tech support; you know what's there; may have limited warranty on individual parts(varies); if there's a problem, you fix it buy from &quot;big company&quot;: may get what you want; can be much cheeper than building yourself; some tech support; warranty on all parts; you may not be able to upgrade from other than &quot;big company&quot;; some problems tech support can't fix better than you can.
i recomend building it yourself if you have the knowledge to fix the problems that will arise or have a buddy that does.
it is fun, and a great experience as we move into the &quot;computers run the world&quot; era.
but if you are just some average joe that goes to work everyday, and plays with his kids, has bbq parties and likes relaxing while fishing-and you think it would be interesting to build a pc because it would, then find a friend who will let you help build his.
you'll get the same experience, but won't have to deal with the problems.
