actually, it wasn't my system.
i was using blackice, a nips firewall, early last october when my grandma's computer started acting funny.
scanning revealed an irc flood trojan horse; in short, a botnet program trying (and succeeding) to harvest millions of machines for its bot master.
she was using mcafee securitycenter at the time, which included only a basic firewall.
her machine was quickly and severely compromised.
her defense apparatus was completely shut down, and system restore was disabled.
trend micro's housecall could not be accessed from normal mode or safe mode.
i tried disinfecting her machine with multiple scanners on my flashdrive in safe mode.
when i rebooted, i found that i'd crippled windows logon.
i am a happy user of acronis true image, so i wasn't in nearly as bad a predicament as the average user would be.
i also had an external hard drive, and even winpe ultimate to make backups a lot easier.
had it not been for the convenience of a gui, i would have taken a lot of time backing up her data files from dos.
it was at least a week or two before i saw on the news what was happening, after restoring her system at least three times.
when i realized it wasn't my grandma's fault, i replaced mcafee with blackice, avg, and windows defender.
by the time my friends and customers started calling me, i'd also found that netveda safety.net, a dpi firewall, could block the worms.
two of my troubled friends had zonealarm pro and security suite, which kind of surprised me.
now, i'm using mcafee securitycenter on my machine, free from aol.
the firewall in their latest version now has nids, and they've added other nice features like hids and script blocking.
it proves quite powerful on its own, but the evolution of threats over this past year has made me paranoid.
now, i lock windows' core on all our machines, so nothing, not even adware, can launch.
my grandma never installs anything on her computer, so i removed all security software from her machine, and enabled windows firewall.
now that her system is all locked down, all she needs are her firewall and a temp files cleaner.
