* windows xp, windows 2000, windows xp 64-bit * 512mb system ram * 2 ghz intel pentium 4 or equivalent processor * 128mb direct3d compatible video card * and directx 9.0 compatible driver; * 8x dvd-rom drive * 4.6 gb free hard disk space * directx 9.0c (included) * directx 8.1 compatible sound card * keyboard, mouse the reason why your ram shows 447.4 is because some is shared with the integrated video and altho this would probably play the game it may not be at it's best, the integrated video may be 64 or 128 shared.
last year i upgraded a computer in this class for about $100, i added 512 ram so it had a gig and added an agp 8x low profile 256 low power usage fanless graphic card.
we have the game barnyard and on all the other intergrated video computers here we could play the game but it had no background, the down side was some of our older games did not recognize the newer video card so we couldn't play them on it.
when i picked the card i made sure to look for one that had onboard ram and was low power use.
your computer will be at it's max ram with 1gig so that will be as far as you can go with that, it takes x4 type and you can probably pick a card up at newegg.com for around $50, ram is also down right now so it's a good time to buy.
recently we purchased a duo core amd 4200+ with 512 ram and integrated video and barnyard plays perfectly on that.
i used compatibility mode for a few of the old games but i was able to get around 30 kids games on it with out a problem, ms motorcycle madness being my biggest problem, i need to work on that one more.
i did it all in a row accept for a reboot quicktime wanted and played each game for a while to make sure they worked, of course i plan to add more ram to it but other wise for now will not add a video card.
as for buying a new computer, you have to weigh the costs and wants, would you rather put $100 into the computer you have and get a little more time out of it or $600-800 for a new computer?
also consider vista is on all the off the shelf computers now, which for some has been a problem.
i have set up three different computers for different uses, (gateway pentium d - home office, acer duo amd - kids games, compaq celeron 520 laptop - travel, office, home) with this on it and have really had very few problems - no more then i had when i went from windows 3.11 to 95 or windows me to xp.
with all these operating systems i had some fall shorts and fall outs either hardware or software wise over the past 12 yrs.
hope this helps, northlite
