mourad, a couple of thoughts on your requirements: 1) the radio signals will pass through brick, but the density of the material will weaken the signal more than if the walls were wood.
distance also affects signal strength.
65 meters is about as far as you can expect under good circumstances, but the signal will likely be very weak at your friends place across the road.
if you want to boost the reception, you'll need to work with external antennas or other hacks to the radio chips in the router.
there are lots of websites about building your own parabolic reflectors or alternative antennas from tin cans, which will increase the distance to 1,000 meters or more.
there are also special devices and firmware hacks that boost the radio output strength, but these are usually specific to a particular brand or model of wifi unit.
2) i don't know how rain affects things - the concept is designed for indoor use and the effects in an outdoor environment are not as well documented.
trees and leaves interfere with the signal while wood walls (which are made from trees...) don't, because of the water in the living tree.
possibly rain does too.
3) i like the buffalo equipment.
i would stay away from the microsoft equipment.
it's not that the ms equipment is bad, but my sense is that microsoft is not as committed to its hardware business, so i don't know what the long-term support for the product will turn out to be.
4)adsl or full sdsl, that doesn't matter to the router.
that is handled by the modem.
the router only needs an ethernet connection to the modem.
you've already looked at the issue of compatibility between the ethernet ports of the alcatel vs. some d-link and netgear equipment.
one more consideration that i don't know the answer to: government regulation of the radio spectrum.
in the usa equipment, the 2.4ghz radio band is divided into specific frequency channels that are different from the frequency channels required by the european government regulations.
there are probably different frequency assignments in other countries.
that is why the technical documentation always specifies that a particular wifi product is intended for sale/use only in a certain country or region of the world.
you mention that yours will be the first wifi computer network in your area, but there may be other incompatible uses of the 2.4ghz radio band in your country that will cause interference on your link, or worse, your computer equipment will cause disruption to other radio equipment near you.
typical uses of the 2.4ghz radio band are microwave ovens, cordless telephones, and &quot;walkie-talkie&quot; personal radio communications.
be careful about what your government thinks about your use of the radio frequencies of the wifi equipment you buy.
dw
