hey folks, i've got a slight problem here.
i normally use my mbp for most of daily computer tasks and projects.
but i also have an old imac g4 that i just love.
the problems start with: no airport card, old system, classic stuff, and basically the entire hd is a mess.
i know that in the one thread i started regarding the console, i made some comment about my laptop being messy.
i take that back.
this machine has that definition.
about the imac: it's a 17 inch flat panel 1ghz ppc model with 768mb of ram and a 80gb hd.
apparently, it is running 10.4.9, but i think it was running an older version of tiger, considering that it has not been connected to the internet in many, many months.
it's running lots of apps that are now currently outdated, and software update may be one of my few solutions.
but with no airport card, i'm out-of-luck.
i've been trying to connect it to my mbp with an ethernet cable in attempt to get it wireless, but that has not worked so far.
i may need a walkthrough.
i don't want to plug it into my router, but this may be the only thing i can do until i get an airport card.
so i guess i have that fixed for now.
my real problem is this: the hd is a mess and there are mulitple files and folders that i have problems moving/maintaining, etc.
many months ago, when i bought the imac, i got it through a friend who recently purchased a top-of-the-line 24 inch imac.
all i got was the isight camera, the keyboard and mouse, several and several apps and programs loaded up on it, and itself.
i created a new user for myself and moved over some of the programs i needed to use to the new profile, but the hd is so unorganized and the previous owner had left quite a few apps that no longer work.
i want to reinstall tiger on it and clean it up, but i only have the install disks for my mbp, which has a newer intel cpu.
i don't think apple recommends using them on a different machine, and plus, i don't know if the disks i have will run on ppc models.
what do i do?
the machine is great and runs okay for the most part, but it's just to messed up.
ownerships and permissions on different files are screwed, old ppc apps can't be used on it anymore... hopefully you get the idea.
should i try reinstalling tiger on it with my mbp's install disks?
i have separate install disks for some of the apps that i have had myself.
i really need to fix it up.
thanks, -bmf
