firstly i certainly would never buy a pc with an intergrated graphics card and shared memory.
the only exception to this is in a laptop as in laptops you have very little choice.
an intergrated graphics card is built into the motherboard.
most pc's can also be upgraded later on to add an extra graphics card to the machine, but if you do decide to go for one with an intergrated gpu make sure the motherboard has slots like pci-express to allow additional graphics cards to be added later.
if it has an agp slot to add an additional card later again avoid it like the plague 'cos agp is old and isn't made anymore.
as for the memory - 256mb of memory is quite hefty but as it is shared memory be careful of this as this is a big con.
what this means is that instead of the gpu having it's own dedicated memory for graphics functions it will share the memory with the pc's own internal ram.
so you will lose that ram.
for example if the specification says it has 4gb ram your machine will only actually have 3.75gb of ram as 256mb (1/4gb) is taken up as video memory.
the major problem with shared memory is that the memory the pc is using isn't designed for graphics use, and therefore takes longer for the gpu to use the data properly than dedicated gpu memory.
as for upgrading the memory later, you could add more memory to the pc, but this wouldn't give you more memory on the gpu, just more memory in the pc.
another thing to be careful of is try and find out what integrated gpu is in the pc.
if it's an intel graphics card don't even bother.
these things are ok for basic office programs, but most games are appalling.
if it has an ati radeon or nvidia card inside these are the two major ones and these are the best ones for graphics intense games.
i'm mainly an ati fan myself as i've had a few issues with nvidia.
also if it says nvidia on the description make sure that it's referring to the gpu as nvidia also make motherboard controllers.
you can buy some systems that don't have integrated graphics cards but sometimes they can be a little bit more expensive, to add a graphics card yourself afterwards shouldn't cost too much as long as it has pci-express slots on the motherboard.
the system that it seems that hp are selling probably would cost you about 290 to build yourself or about 320 if you wanted a non-integrated gpu.
if this is cheaper than costco you might be better building it yourself, pc's aren't that hard to build, all bits have some kind of pin system to prevent you inserting things the wrong way or doing things wrong (normally if it doesn't slot in easily then it's not meant to go that way, or if there is some plastic clip in the way then it's wrong - even the cpu has a corner of pins cut out to prevent you inserting that upside down).
a reasonable ati radeon hd4350 with 512mb dedicated gpu only costs 29.81 from scan computers in bolton ( - product number ln25298).
i'd highly recommend going for the gigabyte one as gigabyte cards are pretty decent and last a reasonable time.
the build yourself price above was based on the following scan parts which would give you a reasonable pc with fully licensed windows 7 - ln26201, ln27699, ln28226, ln29161, ln31478, ln31747, ln34013.
