if i put up my own personal information and it gets published on the from page of the l.a. times, that is my own hard luck.
if i am running a business and my customers find out that their information was exposed, that is entirely something else.
both the u.s. and most states have laws governing that.
last time we just lost a laptop, it cost us over $500,000 just in postage to be in sync with the law.
you can't just send an email and you can't throw up your hands and say &quot;oh, well!
!&quot; it doesn't work that way in business.
not to mention paying for your customer's credit reporting for a year.
look up california sb 1386 and follow-on laws.
i agree on encryption.
completely.
but the question is, who is really going to do that (raise your hands out there....).
the whole attitude is speed, ease of use and convenience.
encrypting is not convenient.
if we go back to the original post, the poster did not want to use email because it wasn't convenient.
before you say it, if he or she is using business data by email, even that should be encrypted.
if you encrypt everything you send up to google or dropbox then i would agree.
it would meet the standard of being unreadable, unrecoverable, etc.
that would make it hipaa-compliant.
what i'm pointing out is that even though these services encrypt your data, that is probably not good enough as the services themselves can read your data and can publicly display your data if they want to.
or if some bored system admin decides that court documents covering a &quot;lindsay lohan&quot; trial would be something all of his friends would want to see.
so, getting back to my original concern, people need to be familiar with the terms of service and privacy policies of whatever service they use.
will the service take responsibility for keeping your information private?
what about medical data?
hipaa is a whole different thing.
at least if it is only your information, you only have yourself to blame.
you won't be in violation of state or federal law and you are not likely to sue yourself.
also,
