i have been pulling my hair out trying to find a decent 3 in 1 that has reliable software for receiving faxes directly to a pc (as opposed to printing the incoming faxes on actual paper).
here is my situation: small business (&lt;20 employees) networked pcs using windows xp pro we receive quite a bit of correspondence from our clients via fax, sometimes 50+ pages, and need the ability to save those incoming faxes as an image file instead of wasting all the toner and paper on hard copies that ultimately get scanned and then destroyed.
currently using: hp laserjet m1522nf it has the ability to receive incoming faxes to the usb connected pc, but the included hp toolboxfx software is not dependable (we often miss faxes when attempting to receive to the pc and end up having to &quot;reprint last&quot; multiple times a day to confirm that we didn't miss an important client correspondence).
i have gone around and around with hp tech support to see if there is a software solution, but have not been successful.
also, the default folder that the software uses to store the incoming faxes is &quot;c:\documents and settings\all users\application data\hewlett-packard\toolboxfx\settings\faxlogs_usb001&quot; which according to our it dept, is a horrible place to save files if you want to share them over a network.
recently returned: canon imageclass mf4370dn when i purchased this new 3 in 1 to replace the hp, it was because of it's professed improved pc faxing abilities and software.
unfortunately, once installed and configured it came to light that the software only allows you to send an outgoing fax from a pc and not the other way around.
so, i'm returning the canon, have re-installed the hp and am in the market for a better solution.
and this is where the cnet community comes in to play.
are any of you using a machine with the aforementioned functionality and can you recommend a good, dependable 3 in 1 with software for saving incoming faxes on a pc that actually works?
i'm considering the dell 2335, but before i purchase, i wanted to reach out to you all and see if you have any better suggestions for me.
thank you in advance!
cliffs: i need a scanner/copier/fax with dependable software which will allow me to save incoming faxes to a networkable folder on a pc instead of printing them.
