three years ago i put together a machine, as carefully as i could.
(everything was double-checked, static precautions observed, all connections secure.)
i didnt get to the point of installing an os, because the computer had intermittent problems.
right at that time my girlfriend ripped me off of all my money and left, so i got really depressed and just kept using my old machine.
now i want to fix the problem, but ive forgotten almost everything i knew about putting computers together.
plus its been a long time, in computer years, and technology marches on.
but im hoping someone could give some advice.
the machine shows no problems at all if started cold, with 15 minute breaks in-between.
(i tried 25 times yesterday, to be sure of this.)
when warm and by that i dont mean overheated, just not turned off for long -- i do get intermittent problems.
when i start up using the power button, the monitor gets no signal maybe 1 time in 4.
(this almost never happens when i use the reset button.)
the power button doesnt always work the same way.
also, the machine sometimes goes to setup and complains that its now in safe mode because the last time it was booted the speed settings for the processor were inappropriate.
(i never altered any speed settings.)
i also seem to remember it complaining three years ago that i had the wrong processor, but that was a long time ago, i dont remember the exact message, and i cant duplicate the problem.
any ideas about what i should do?
replacing the motherboard seems like an obvious step to me, but there might be a better idea than that.
and if i do replace it, does anyone have any suggestions about what boards to get?
as i said, its been a long time.
below is a list of the parts.
i dont know what i had in mind, putting so much in there i cant remember why i thought i needed so many drives (and both types!
), or what scheme i had for partitioning them.
ill have to take something out, as the temps get too hot when the ambient temperature gets up there.
thanks for any help.
- dave asus p4g8x deluxe motherboard pentium 4 3.06 ghz 2 meg pc2700 ddr ram from crucial pc power and cooling turbo-cool 510 atx power supply matrox parhelia video card adaptec scsi card 29320lp seagate cheetah 36.7gb scsi drive st336753lw 2 seagate cheetah 18.4gb scsi drives st318453lw asus drw-0402p dvd-r / rw drive generic diskette drive viewsonic 19 vx900 lcd display (plus two old trinitrons, if i ever get this thing working) western digital wd2000jbrt drive big case with lotsa fans
