okay, i would have look at this more carefully if the post about the cost of the ink cartridges had been posted at the time i was researching this subject, but we needed a printer asap.
i will never buy a printer from epson.
first, the 9400 a-i-o drinks ink like... (well, there was an analogy about my college days and beer, but i'll leave that one out).
let's just say that i now figure that i will change the black ink cartridges three times more often than my previous hp, and the color ink carts maybe twice as often.
if i am lucky.
i don't do an awful lot of printing, and i have to manually set it to print &quot;text&quot; rather than &quot;image&quot; each time (which saves ink but is annoying).
there should be a default setting which i can change, but i can't figure it out and i darn well am not contacting them to find out since the annoyance factor would be so very much higher to deal with them than to adjusting the setting before each printing job.
epson tech support is a toll call.
cripes.
the one time i felt forced to use it, i called in the evening to avoid a long wait and still was on hold for a rep for over 10 minutes.
after a long discussion where we went through steps i had already taken to correct the malfunction, which did not work (and i told her this), i was told that the unit would have to be replaced.
after a 35-minute long-distance call.
i don't care if it cost 10 cents to do this, they should have toll-free tech support, at least for the first year!
epson tech support online is awful.
i am a rather organized, logical person.
when something doesn't work correctly, i go through the troubleshooting option.
if this doesn't help, i write a detailed, concise e-mail describing the problem.
twice i have had to e-mail epson with a problem, and both times i receive a response that shows me that the person did not bother read my message beyond the first couple of sentences.
it's as though this person notices a few key words, then pulls up a troubleshooting document and sends it off to me.
this is so annoying.
note: if you are in the middle of printing a large document (like, my taxes yesterday) and you run out of ink, once you replace the cartridge the printer does not remember where it was in the printing queue.
unfortunately, these tax docs were not numbered and i had to count each sheet and restart at page 46. again, annoying.
i cringe when i need to send a fax.
it just is not as easy as the hp was.
so.
i paid about $110 for the epson.
i'm thinking that if i struggle with it for a year, it would have paid itself off (in my mind) and i can donate it somewhere (although why would i do that to some poor nonprofit agency?)
and go back to hp.
you can bet, though, that i will remember all that i dislike about this espon cx9400 and run like crazy from any printer which may have me dealing with a similar situation.
