your needs seem pretty simple, and retail desktops have really dropped in price.
i would highly reccomend an hp/compaq or a gateway.
i build my own desktops, but have laptops built by both above named companies, and can vouch for their excellent tech support.
since you don't play demanding games, i'm sure you'd do well with an onboard video chip.
same for sound- onboard sound has come a long way, and you'd be surprised at the quality you get nowadays.
so as far as hardware, that pretty much leaves the hardrive- depending on the model, you're bound to get a hardrive at least 100 gig or more.
that leave a burner; most retail sellers will include a dual layer burner.
no matter what brand you buy, i'd suggest getting a pc (assuming you're getting a pc- sounds like a mini-mac would suit your needs also) with a 64 bit chip so you wont get left behind when 64 bit applications become more available.
you should be able to get a pc in the $500 or less range that should suit your needs.
i don't often see gateway desktops, but e-machines are cheap and pretty reliable; i believe e-machines was purchased by gateway; however, i don't think you'll get the same quality tech support as you would with a gateway- i know this only from what i've read, not from personal experience.
my brother in law bought an hp with an amd 64 bit chip for less than $600 (which included a 19&quot; lcd monitor) more than a year ago, and he's very happy with it.
it normally retailed for well over $1200, but he bought it when there was some kind of super sale at circuitcity.
that particular model may have been discontinued, but i still peruse the sunday flyers just to look, and there's always sales.
he's very happy with their tech support, and recently, when he was having trouble with the dual-layer burner, tech support troubleshot the problem with him and it was determined that he needed a new one which was sent to him in 2 days.
i have an hp laptop, and can definitely say their tech support is top notch.
luckily, i haven't had to have any hardware replaced.
one last thing: don't buy a dell.
since you already have the monitor, i see no reason why you shouldn't be able to get a desktop with a 64 bit chip, a gig of ram, and a hardrive at least 100 gigs big.
you want to purchase an extended warranty from either the manufacturer or the store you buy the unit from.
happy hunting, and good luck.
