hi, i work on monitors.
one of best ways to find out whose monitor you have is to make sure the ac power is unpluged, and take the back off the monitor.
inside, on the cover or on the bottom or top of the circuit bds.
you may find model or company information.
the information may be for the oem that made the unit or the company that distribute it.
use these numbers or the fcc number and go to fcc website and they will tell who manufactured or distributed the unit.
by going to the manufacturer or distributor you will find out how the unit accepts it signal.
the problems with what you say on the monitor may be caused by the way the cable was wired, and the ground and hot wires of the individual plugs could be reversed.
if the screen has wide horzontal or slanted bars from left to right, the horizontal frequency may be incorrect.
if the picture rolls from top to bottom or reverse bottom to top the vertical frequency is off.
you may need to use another monitor and see what your monitor card is putting out for the vertical, some allow you to have different vertial frequencies for different resolutions.
most monitor display adaptors do not allow any change in the horizontal frequency and may require you to change the resolution from xga to svga or vga.
most monitors will allow you to use vga, but i did come across one sony monitor that would only work with syn on one color and only 1 resolution, it turned out to be from a unix workstation with xga resolution only.
in windows the resolution just before opening windows is vga, and the resolution once windows is open you determine by the setting the display in control panel.
i also have a cross reference for many monitors i used to display pictures while repairing monitors, and i could key in almost any resolution, along with pixels both vertical and horizontal, and a universal adaptor that would allow me to wire the cable any way i chose.
but i always had to be careful how i wired the syn pulses since that could destroy the monitor if no careful.
fell free to wire me about the monitor i will try and help.
email ardlur@comcast.net
