my post is not going to tell you how to fix your wd drive because i believe you have already gotten a lot of good advice in that arena.
instead i hope to give you some advice on how to best avoid the problem in the future (of course one can never be certain that a hd will not fail) and a better method of sharing a back-up drive between multiple computers.
first, in reading your post it appears that you are two (2) operating systems (os) out-of-date ?meaning xp to vista to windows 7. my advice is to never be more than one (1) os behind the most current.
however, i will concede that given a choice between vista and xp you probably have the best one in xp.
windows 7 on the other hand affords you the following advantages (note: the information listed below is cut and paste directly from windows 7 faq's - the use of the word people will always refer to you): network discovery network discovery is a network setting that affects whether your computer can find other computers and devices on the network and whether other computers on the network can find your computer.
there are three network discovery states: ?on this state allows your computer to see other network computers and devices and allows people on other network computers to see your computer.
this makes it easier to share files and printers.
?off this state prevents your computer from seeing other network computers and devices and prevents people on other network computers from seeing your computer.
?custom i have left information about this state intentionally blank as it adds nothing to the discussion.
in windows 7, you can share individual files and folders-and even entire libraries-with other people.
media streaming ?when media streaming is on people and devices on the network can access pictures, music and videos on your computers share my computer ?you have the ability to see and interact with one computer screen while logged on to another.
in the past one would have to purchase 3rd party software like pc anywhere to have the same functionality.
hopefully, without going into a lot more explanation you can see the usefulness of the options afforded you in windows 7 that would be of benefit given what you are trying to do with two computers.
to be fair some of what i have discussed can be accomplished in xp but only with more difficulty.
maybe windows 7 is not an option as an upgrade on one of your systems due to hardware and/or driver limitations.
you can determine if your systems are capable of running windows 7 by going to microsoft and downloading the windows 7 upgrade advisor.
i know that two (2) of your systems are somewhat out of date by your admission of not having usb 2.0 compatibility and your recent purchase of a new laptop.
here again with usb 3.0 on the horizon (and already being offered on some systems) you are about to become two (2) usb driver builds behind with usb 1.0. the point i am trying to make here is that?
once your systems start to fall behind two generations (and are not capable of being upgraded) it is time to give some serious consideration to purchasing a new system ---- which you have done.
so, where am i going with all of this and how will it help with your hd storage issues: start with a good home network that is wi-fi capable using an 802.11n or 802.11b/g/n router with at least four (4) open ethernet ports.
use wpa or wpa2 network security.
make sure that each of your computers connects to the network securely.
the laptop should connect via lan (wired using ethernet cable) and wlan (wireless - wi-fi).
purchase an external hd that is nas (network attached storage) capable using an ethernet cable.
once you plug in the nas enabled hd to the back of your router it will be assigned a drive letter and appear in my computer on each of your systems.
using a backup utility software (windows 7 has this feature built-in) you can schedule regular back-ups of your data to the external nas hd from each computer or you can just drag and drop the files to it.
this option also best supports the use of two or more computers to share the same nas drive.
another option is to partition the nas hd.
partitioning is where you divide the total capacity of the drive into (for example) half (i.e.
1tb hd drive split into two 500gb partitions).
each 500gb partition will have its own drive letter.
you inturn would map computer-a to a drive letter and computer-b to the remaining drive letter.
in my computer on computer-a you will only see the drive letter you mapped (assigned) to it.
the same would hold true for computer-b.
you would setup the scheduled back-up of computer-a to go to the specific nas drive letter you assigned it and conversely the same would be true for computer b. you would still have the ability to drag and drop.
the last option is a little more involved but the end-results are the same.
for simplicity i would recommend the first option (just a common external nas hd residing on your network) the benefit is that you will not be bothered with connecting/disconnecting/reconnecting of a single hd between two (2) or three (3) computers.
you probably won't see a request to &quot;format&quot; a drive again between computers.
also, more importantly if your wd is not solid state (ss) it really wasn't designed for the connecting/disconnecting/reconnecting dance.
conversely, whether your wd is ss or not - - you should never remove a usb drive without going through the remove hardware icon and allowing for a proper spin-down or disconnect from the os.
my recommendation at this point is to take the wd to a best buy geek squad or similar outfit and let them transfer your data to the hd on your lenovo laptop and to a 500gb usb flash drive.
follow one of the drive setups i have outlined above, transfer the data from your lenovo to the nas drive and attach the 500gb usb flash drive to the usb port on the nas.
you can then use the 500gb flash drive as a second back-up target.
if you have more than 500gb of information and it is too large for your lenovo hd then you will have to split the data between it and a usb flash drive.
good luck!
!
