help!
no ping responses in simple 2-node mac&lt;-&gt;pc wired lan i've been trying for weeks , but i just cannot get even the simplest ethernet two-node lan working under mac os 8.6 (or 8.5.x either) and windows xp home sp2.
this is a direct, wired ethernet lan with only two nodes.
there is no router or gateway present, and internet connection sharing is not desired.
i'm using miramar's pc maclan v 8 software for intercompatible file sharing.
current problem: no pings get responses in either direction from either side.
on the mac side: direct ethernet connection to pc via d-link 10/100 switch all link and activity lights on switch flash in reponse to ping, and all show speed is 100, full duplex ip address hard, manually assigned to ethernet nic: 192.168.0.4 / 255.255.255.0 correctly formatted ot hosts file used for all local lan addresses, no dns no gateway or dns ip addresses associated with that nic/connection no routers present no direct connection to modem, broadband or otherwise.
self-pings by both name and ip address are fine.
all pings to the pc fail (timeout without any response).
on the pc side: windows xp home sp2 direct ethernet connection to mac via d-link 10/100 switch all link and activity lights on switch flash in reponse to ping, and all show speed is 100, full duplex ip address hard, manually assigned to ethernet nic: 192.168.0.2 / 255.255.255.0 hosts file used for all local lan addresses, no dns no gateway or dns ip addresses associated with that nic/connection no routers present no direct connection to modem, broadband or otherwise.
xp's tray and related displays show nic is active and connected.
self-pings by both name and ip address are fine.
all pings to the mac fail (timeout without any response).
mac hardware configuration: power computing powerbase ppc macintosh with ata disks and 3 pci slots, running mac os 8.6 and open transport 2.0.3. nic is daynaport 10/100 pci ethernet card.
i've tried it on two different ethernet hubs, and it's currently connected to my windows xp pc via a d-link 10/100 switch.
the latest driver compatible with macos 8.6 is installed and running and reports no error.
and i know the pci slot in question is working (it worked fine with a scsi hba there).
now, here's a possibly telling but puzzling fact: on the windows side, there is a display showing the connection status and other details of the ethernet nic connection, and it consistently shows that zero packets have been recieved.
however, when i ping the pc from the mac (mac -&gt; pc), the count of packets the pc has sent increments for each ping!
unfortunately, the mac still reports all pings have failed.
i desperately need help, please.
