i've had about 3 sapphire cards that i've used in mine, my sisters and my mums computer, i also seen cards in other peoples machines that have failed too.
i thought it was a good idea to get them at the time as they were a lot more cheaper than the other manufacturers graphics cards.
however the age old saying here applies - you get what you pay for.
all three graphics cards ended up mainly with &quot;overheating&quot; issues.
overheating issues are normally noticeable when you start playing a game after a few seconds you notice your graphics performance go really slow and then you start getting what appears to be like a &quot;snow effect&quot; on the screen (some random white dots appearing on screen), and eventually leading to a full game lock up.
firstly check your graphics card, take the cover off your pc and ensure things like the fans are going round (remember look but don't touch when the pc is on - and when it's off touch the case first before touching anything else to remove static!).
sapphire's cooling system on their graphics card certainly isn't the best in the world and i found on a lot of them either the fans are prone to failure, or sometimes sapphire decide not to even install a fan!
the ones i had in my computer never had any fan on them, just a heatsink.
i did think that was slightly odd, seeing as how hot they'd get and the previous card had got fans on and that was slower than the new sapphire one, but i guessed sapphire must know what they're doing.
quite clearly not.
if your graphics card hasn't got a fan on it or you can see that the fan isn't spinning this is most probably your problem.
your graphics card is overheating.
the cards we had worked fine for a few weeks, until they overheated.
once overheated though you'll be lucky to ever keep them cool again, as they will have been seriously damaged.
it might be time to get a new gpu and if it's only a few weeks old take it back to the shop and see if you can get a refund, although most shops wont cover it on overheating as it's your problem for not checking there was adequate cooling in the pc, especially if you bought it at an oem store.
i'd highly recommend getting a gigabyte card as these have plenty of cooling on them and aren't as poor quality as the sapphires.
i had a gigabyte before the sapphire, and then after all 3 sapphires failed i went straight back to gigabyte, and have not had any problems with overheating since and that was about 2 years ago now.
