hello leslie first let me say that your concerns are valid but a bit over done.
no type of drive ssd or conventional hd is 100% reliable.
the same arguments against ssd's were and are still being voiced in regards to conventional hd's just not as often.
i am 100% positive (because i've read them) that you can search the internet or even one of the cnet forums and find countless concerns by members regarding the following in relationship to the conventional hd: - limiting the swap file - hybernate/sleep mode/shutdown (pro's and con's for all three) - disabling windows index/search - disabling logging by windows and security programs - pro's and con's for defraging - elimination of windows system restore points - how to guard against bad sector development - mtbf (mean time between failures) now that's a controversial subject the list go on and on.
what you have to understand is that the conventional hd is a mature product.
there's not much else to be done to improve the technology.
seagate will be discontinuing manufacture of the conventional hd in it's prue form in favor of hybrids which are conventional hd's with a ssd cache (about 32-64 gb) for the os and programs.
ssd's while no longer in thier infancy are still a technology in development.
improvements will come but i don't believe the technology should be ignored any longer in favor of the conventional hd as long as the ssd is properly deployed.
for the typical consumer...deployment should not be a big concern.
however, i would like to address your concern about &quot;reliability&quot; which i think in your case has more to do with read/write cycles determining the life of the ssd.
it's true ssd's are not fond of being overly subjected to unnecessary read/write cycles which for the most part is the end result of the things i pointed out in the list above either directly or indirectly.
as a matter of fact constant read/write cycles with no particular purpose are bad for a conventional hd which can lead to bad sectors or drive failure thus shortening the life span.
think of read/write cycles in terms of ink in a pen.
it you use the ink for primarily productive work (read/write cycling) you'll probably get sufficient use of the pen (ssd) before the ink is used up.
on the otherhand if one is proned to doodle a lot (unnecesaary read/write cycling) the amount of ink that can be used for productive tasks is lessened thus reducing the useable life of the pen (ssd).
leslie it has not been my intent to convince you to try an ssd.
i just wanted to give you another way of evaluating the ssd.
good luck to you and happy/safe computing.
together everyone achieves more
