i can't help but think this scenario is similar to hybrid cars, with the only thing really being accomplished is their owners' ability to feign moral high ground over their peers, that they care more about the planet than anyone else does on superficial glance- yet when one factors in the more complex vehicle taking more energy to manufacture, a shorter life span, and the toxic processes involved at every stage of the storage batteries' life- it's far less green than any more humble economy car.
it's hard to comprehend what numbers they might be crunching toward &quot;solving&quot; climate change in this global network of dinosaur computers you describe which could offset the energy used by such old, inefficient pc's and the increased network usage needed to tie them together.
it doesn't take a cray supercomputer to come up with the most obvious problem threatening the planet: global socialist leftists masquerading their agenda as environmentalism or casually switching between the two.
as climate change is purportedly caused by human industrial activity, it is incomprehensible they (and you from your statements) cannot see that raising the living standard of billions in the third world- industrializing them- is only putting the peril of climate change on a fast track of doom.
the evidence is already clear, since the inception of kyoto, total global gge have soared, and the rate of increase has soared.
the trend is led by countries like china and india while the us is levelling off.
never mind &quot;trans and multi-national corporations&quot; are exploiting gullible pollyannas of the left and their global socialist policies to destroy the planet and further spread traditional pollution they can't get away with here and cost americans jobs.
but i suppose that matters less to you than being smug and telling yourself you made a difference, like european activists who pushed a quick ban through the eu to ban single hulled tankers from their ports to prevent a valdez disaster in their waters.
good job, guys!
this short sighted policy which didn't consider the consequences of making 2500 hulls obsolete virtually overnight caused a thousand real disasters, called &quot;shipbreaking&quot;.
500,000 years of calculations are not going to end the bottomless pit of suffering called africa, while the factors of hunger and disease are more mired in faulty ancient religions, warlord ruled feifdoms, willful ignorance of simple birth control, and corrupt governments than they are western capitalists.
i'll finally note the irony of bashing capitalism, while typing on a pc which surely would not even exist without the free enterprise and technology this economic system made possible.
