hi, i have windows xp/dell system, and using i.e.
6. i'm urgently seeking someone with background as a crt/lcd designer, because i have been experiencing terrible health problems with my past two monitors, that i have not been experiencing with older (dial-knob) monitors.
i am now using a 1991 13&quot; monitor which i had gotten free from a cousin, and it's not causing me the health problems that the kds-crt & samsung-lcd did (the latter is just laying around the house now - and i must emphasize that i tried every so-called solution imaginable, such as raising the resolution, frequency, changing the gamma/vibrancy/brightness/contrast until it was so dim that i could barely distinguish the text on the dark grey toolbars.
nothing helped.
in fact, the old 13-incher is better in that i can immediately adjust the dial-knobs as i need to, and i'm still able to distinguish text on the toolbars even while the rest of the screen is dim enough to suit me.
to clarify: proportionally, the old crt seems to have a smaller gap between bright colors & dark colors than the newfangled ones.
i tried tinter-lite but it only changes background colors of wordpad & the like, but i can't for example specify that if i view washing machines on a website, they should appear blue vs. white.
i've seen others on the www who also developed problems after acquiring lcds, but which were then resolved by notebook computers.
for example:  also see irlen syndrome:  thing is, i've already spent $300 on my samsung lcd which is now just laying around.
i cannot afford to buy expensive notebooks only to find that those, too, cause me problems.
besides, i just bought a new dell system, so all i really need is a monitor itself, not a &quot;notebook system&quot;.
is there a monitor engineer here, who really knows what's the real villain behind certain modern crts/lcds, which seemingly are less of a problem in notebooks & old crts?
is it that the fluorescents are higher wattage?
or that there are a greater volume of bulbs?
i've been fluorescent intolerant since childhood - i remember that in department stores my eyes would tear & i'd get migraine.
but now my problems have been way worse - i wake up next day drained & with terrible pain in my nerve endings.
i'm panicking, because what will i do when this old crt dies?
frankly speaking, even the old crt isn't ideal for my health, i'm sure it would be much better if it had warm back-lighting.
as a separate issue, though still part of it, since connecting the old crt, my browser preview & print modes are out of wack.
text becomes a skinnier string, flush on the left side & sometimes truncating on the right side.
does anyone have a clue how to fix this, so that i can print normally?
