hi all.
id like to think i know my way around computers, but i cant figure this one out and im starting to get depressed.
everytime i try to do something with my new rig, i get problems.
i had just recieved my new evga geforce 7900 gtx and put it in the computer.
shortly afterwards, i noticed a buzzing sound being made inside the computer.
i immediately thought it was a fan.
ive dealt with this before and fixed my fair share of fans, but nothing was wrong with any of my fans.
i then realized that the noise was coming from around my ram/cpu area.
it only happens when the computer is under a load; anything from scrolling a webpage to playing guild wars.
with each click of my mousewheel in a webpage, it will chirp one time, and the cpu usage would spike really high, over 80 sometimes.
when running a game, it goes continually until my view is rested on something simple.
it actually sounds like a cricket.
first i thought it was my ram.
i switched out my current modules (adata vitesta 2x 1gb) for some older generic ones (2x 512mb) and it persisted exactly the same.
then, i thought the ps (antec neo he 500) was undercutting the power to the cpu as a result of the video card.
incorrect again, i unplugged the card's source and it persisted exactly the same.
at about this time, the computer began to shut itself down.
i would reboot to see that my cpu was at about 50c (!)
and would steadily drop until i put it under a load.
i have seen it get as high as 55c, while monitoring.
right now it is idling at 49c... before all this it would idle no higher than 35c.
please help me, i am really worried and quite annoyed.
my computers are my babies and i hate to put them through danger.
setup: amd athlon 64 3700+ w/ asus x mars heatpipes asus a8n-e evga geforce 7900 adata vitesta 2x 1gb ram 2x western digital 120gb sata hdd antec neo he 500 ps nzxt nemesis (excellent cooling) im thinking about cleaning off the cpu and heatsink, and reapplying new compound.
if i have to, how would i go about cleaning off the pins?
