lee, let me first be brutally honest--the pc that you have in mind will play bluray videos, do word processing and surf the internet with ease, but forget about gaming.
i build many mediacenter pc's and, for the most part, they all have integrated graphics.
i prefer the ati 785g chipset with hd4200 graphics.
but, the mediacenter pc's that i build are for-----------media, such as watching hdtv and viewing movies.
on occasion, i build a unit for a client who is like yourself----aware that he may like to make future enhancements such as upgrading hardware in order to play games.
to answer another question, 256mb's of video memory is not enough for gaming, even with the help of &quot;side-port&quot; memory that some motherboards provide.
today's newer games really require at least 1gb of memory.
so, you can add a dedicated video card at a later date, assuming it will fit in the case you are buying.
you would be looking at cards that are between 8&quot; and 12&quot; long and may not fit in your case.
then, before upgrading anything, you would need to see if your power supply could handle the extra wattage.
with the pc you are considering, i seriously doubt it!
what you are looking to buy is a &quot;bargain basement&quot; unit that hp builds for costco and the pricing has to be low or costco won't even consider selling it.
hp needs to make a profit so the parts they use in these systems are not exactly &quot;premium&quot; parts.
as i said, you will be able to view videos and do &quot;normal&quot; computing tasks but gaming is out of the question.
you can add more &quot;system&quot; memory, but not more memory for the graphics card.
it's built into the card.
lee, i don't want to &quot;put down&quot; the system you are looking at, as it will be just fine for normal computing, but i would suggest you wait and save some more money to get a better system.
either that, or build your own.
that may seem daunting, but it's not difficult at all.
there are forums whose members are people just like you and will help with any questions you may have.
parts can be purchased from any number of places, but i prefer newegg.com.
you are very intellegent for asking these questions, because you will regret buying the hp system if you want to be able to play any games, especially with all the eye candy turned on and also have directx 11 capability (windows 7).
just to give you an idea, i just built a system for a client.
it won't play crysis on the highest settings, but it will breeze right through the game on medium settings and the graphics look great.
the total cost for the parts was about $650.00.
