i haven't purchased a manufacturer cartridge for at least four years.
i have to say that it wasn't a smooth transition and when i started refilling hp cartridges, it was always hit or miss.
love their printers, didn't like refilling their cartridges.
i tried canon printers(twice)and they failed mechanically within the first few months.
never got a chance to try refilling.
i understand that the newer models are mechanically better and easily re-fillable.
i now use only epson printers.
i am currently using an r220 and an r320 and went through one r200.
the r220 has had only one set of original cartridges, the ones that came with it, all others have been refillable cartridges.
i'm on my second set.
the first set had foam in the ink supply side of the cartridge and lasted through about a year of re-filling before having problems with trapping air.
they were replaced with the new foam-less cartridges and have had no problems.
my r320 uses an auto re-fill system with external tanks and auto-reset chips.
i never have to remove the cartridges from the printer, i just refill the external tanks.
i use a good brand of bulk ink that is designed just for the epson models that i use.
i have printed pictures and color graphics using the original inks and bulk inks to compare colors.
there is always some difference in the colors but, not enough that anyone who was looking at one picture or the other, would say that anything was off.
my reason for replying to this is: epson printers have a bad reputation of failing just after the warranty runs out.
my r200 did fail just after warranty, was repaired and failed again within two months.
for this reason, i don't think that i owe epson any allegence to buy their ink cartridges since i believe that their printers are designed to fail.
i can refill at a fraction of the cost per cartridge $2.00 as apposed to $13.00 to $18.00 per new and i do a lot of color printing.
one set of cartridges for either printer is about $85.00.
i can replace the r220 printer for that price and it comes with a set of cartridges.
it would make better sense to just throw the printer away and buy a new one, each time you needed to replace the cartridges.
as long as i am able, i will refill my cartridges.
my advise: search the internet for ink refills and re-fillable cartridges.
find a site that has a good rating and dive in.
once you get the hang of it, you'll never go back.
oh, buy rubber gloves and keep alchohol handy for cleanup.
