first of all, all hp computers have integrated graphics that use system ram instead of having their own memory.
also, if you install a graphics card, you cannot run both the integrated graphics and the pci card.
after installing the pci card, you have to go into the device manager and disable the integrated graphics, otherwise all sorts of weird things will happen.
after installing the card and its drivers, and before disabling the integrated graphics, you will have to shut down the computer, disconnect the monitor from the integrated graphics' connector, and connect it to the connector on the new card.
then boot into windows and disable the integrated graphics in the device manager and reboot.
regarding alang59's post, i have an hp computer, too; but i didn't encounter the problems that alang59 encountered except the need for a more powerful graphics card with its own gpu and memory.
i do a lot of graphics work, including video editing and compilations, so the integrated graphics were inadequate.
it's true that hp only uses integrated graphics that meet the needs of the software and hardware that come with the machine.
if you need more graphics rendering capability, then you will have to add a graphics card.
to solve my problem, i bought a new nvidia graphics card.
when i opened the computer's case, i found that i had two empty pci slots.
it was a simple matter of installing the drivers and graphics card, connecting the monitor to the new card, and disabling the integrated graphics.
the only problem i have had related to the new graphics card was when i installed linux in a dual boot configuration.
i could not get the nvidia card to work with linux, no matter what i did.
nvidia did not have linux drivers for my card, and the application that is supposed to allow linux to use the windows drivers did not work.
all i got was a black screen.
it was either uninstall linux or uninstall the nvidia graphics card.
i opted to uninstall linux rather than give up the improved graphics that i had gained from the new graphics card.
so, if you buy an hp computer and you are going to be playing graphics intense games, then you may as well include the price of a good graphics card.
the user manual should give you the specs for the computer, including the total number of pci slots and the number of pci slots that are free (as in not being used).
also, a glance at the back of the tower will be an indicator.
the number of blank pci card knock-outs will usually be the same as the number of available pci slots.
you can also go to hp's web site before you buy the machine and look up the specs for the computer you are thinking of buying.
