how long does a solid state drive really last?
the other day i came across an ad on newegg for a samsung ssd.
in its specs it makes the claim that the mtbf (mean time between failures) is 1,000,000(!)
hours.
for those of you who are like me and don't do big number math well off the top of your head or don't have a calculator conveniently handy, that translates to just over 114 years.
so is someone supposed to take away from this that this samsung ssd--with normal use--is supposed to outlive its owner, if the unit was to actually start use at the same time as the owner's birth?
or is the mtbf quote supposed to mean something else?
yes, ssds don't have any mechanical moving parts.
but my understanding of ssds is that they are based upon nand-flash memory units.
and nand doesn't have an indefinite lifespan by any means.
the usual number i see quoted for memory wear is 100,000 write/erase cycles.
i've actually worn out a compactflash card recently (85,000 +/- writes plus an unknown number of erasures, as used across three different dslr cameras) that took me about 4 1/2 years to accomplish (i have a nasty habit of taking multiple shots of a subject by leaving the camera in continuous shoot mode and holding the shutter button down, believing that if the first shot didn't come out just right, then perhaps the 2nd, 3rd or even 4th following frame will be better...the scourge of digital photography).
even with the latest advanced flash memory that purported has a write/erase (or program/erase) cycle rating of 1,000,000, that would only translate to 45 years at best, and that's only taking pictures at the rate that i take them.
computer operating systems seem to access and write their primary hard drives all the time if i use my machines as an example.
web surfing results in constant p/e cycling, and oss like windows and the assorted applications for the platform creates all sorts of temporary files for all sorts of functions and needs.
heaven forbid that you might partake in actually defragging that ssd at some point.
so how can samsung proclaim that its ssd will live 114 years given this sort of working environment?
pr department run amok?
