how long a hard drive lasts depends on an number of fators: - heat.
in a portable hard drive, this can be a problem with, for example maxtor diamondmax 9plus and 10 drives, they tend to get quite hot.
today , there are a lot of drives that run at a reduced spindle speed.
since you mostly connect an external drive with th usb bus, this is no problem, because in practice, you transfer data at about 30mb/s, this bottlenecks even today's slowest drives.
- the voltage a drive gets from its power supply.
12v between 11.4 and 12.6 volts, higher for an extended time means damage to the motor drive and spindle motor.
- times of spin-up and spindown.
the spin-up and spindown are the most taxing on the bearings, spindle motor and motor drive - times you rewrite the drive.
this determines the wear on the platters.
this factor is less dangerous, because even with some bad sectors, you can still get most of the data off the drive.
- age, or mor specifically , power on time it is a matter of luck when it comes to when a drive fails, you can never tell when it exactly will fail, but you can limit the chances of it failing: don't buy a drive that has bad reviews.
for example, some time ago there were bad forum ratings about samsung spinpount f1 drives that seemed to fail by the bushes.
i had, at the time, just bought 3 brand new samsung spinpoints.
they all failed within 2 months.
even the return disk from rma ( a 1 tb sata drive) again failed within the month.
don't leave a drive turned on continuously, but don't turn it on and off every 10 minutes.
a drive running for an hour is likely to have less wear than a drive spinning-up.
don't keep essential data on only one drive.
no, seriously, don't.
back up all the data you do not want to lose.
a drive only has one certain factor : it will fail!
you just don't know when exactly that will happen (within the month, within 5 years, who knows ? )
if you do want reliability: a drive is most likely to fail the first 2 months of its lifetime, and after 3 years, at the end of it's lifetime, the chance of it failing starts to rise again.
