i have been working with computers and/or personal computers since the mid to late 70's.
you kids don't appreciate the early days.
i started with data cassettes moving to sdsd 8&quot; floppy's, a 4 part personal computer ($5,400.)
with a whopping 4k of ram for processing, and 2k allocated for the rs232 port to the printer.
this was pre- parallel, rs-449, usb, fireware and other type ports.
we built a custom cable with every purchase piece of hardware.
a 300bps modem cost you 2x weeks pay and then a few bucks a month to use a bbs.
rf-tv modulators were common instead of crt's.
printers cost $495 for okidata 8x8 dot matrix, but you could get cheap reel-to-reel typewriter ribbons from about any store for a dollar.
i have owned: ti99a'a, commodores, eagle pc, leading edge, ibm clones, apples ii's, a fat mac 128k, yes even a buggy lisa and cmp based kaypro 10. yes we have seen wonderful leaps in technology in 25+ years, but vendors have over used pre-planned plastic product failure points, vendor only supplies like ink and software with extremely over planned obsolescence.
i really dislike s/w vendors who jump versions #'s just to avoid free upgrades so they suck a users wallets dry.
some food for thought: we have seen media formats evolve from stone to various handwritten scrolls materials to printed manuscripts over a 10,000 year period.
all of these were readable by anyone with good eyesight and the ability to understand used the language.
it wasnt until the computer age, in the last 40 years that man was no longer able to read to the words he had written without a device other than his own eyes.
with written media formats changing about every 10 years or so (punch cards, printer paper, data cassette, 8-5.25- 3.5- cd dvd memory sticks and etc.)
we are never more than 1 media format from losing a generation of valuable information.
written books always have a very special and viable place in my house.
after all, i find it difficult to curl up to a warm laptop, on a rainy day, to read a good novel, on a dvd or cd or a memory stick.
darn i sound like my father giving me the &quot;i walk to school in the snow and loved it.&quot; speech when i complained about riding a cold school bus.
later, old1
