first off, my hardware: amd phenom xii 955 no overclock asus m4a79t deluxe mobo corsair cmpsu-650 650w psu visiontek radeon hd4870 512mb lg wh08ls20k 8x bluray burner wd caviar black wd7501aals 750gb 7200rpm hd mushkin blackline 4gb (2x2gb) ddr3 1600 sdram encore enlwi-n pci 2.3 wireless adapter monitor vizio vx32l windows 7 64-bit norton av my computer will freeze and become totally unresponsive, mainly when watching hd video on youtube, downloading torrent files via utorrent, or if my background is set to a photo album and rotating pictures.
those are the 3 most common ways it will freeze right now, though it happens very occasionally other times.
no error messages, the screen just freezes and i get static coming through my speakers.
all of my drivers are updated, and in the past i have reformatted my hd for a fresh install, but still getting stuck.
i can watch full 1080p video no problem in media player classic and windows media player, but when i try to stream anything in hd, i have problems.
no issues watching youtube at 480p or lower, but if i dare click for 720p it will play for a little bit, maybe even make it through a whole video, but the inevitable always happens.
i have tested the memory with memtest86+, no issues there.
i have also ran the trial version of pcmark vantage and got a score of 7599. nothing looks fishy from that, except it says my graphics memory is 1mb.
if needed i can try to provide a link to the online results from that test.
i am about to run 3d mark vantage also(trial version) but have a hard time believing it may be my video card, since i have no issue watching hd video any other time other than in a browser and have no issue running the unreal editor kit.
i currently am running ie8, but have had the same issues with firefox, actually seemed to have more issues with firefox which is why i went back to rocking ie8.
i also thought the problem somehow might be the wireless adapter couldn't handle the bandwith of hd video, so i plugged the computer directly into the router, and still had issues.
i have also run cc cleaner to fix any registry errors.
i have to restart the system to be able to use it again.
anyone have any ideas?
any other tests i can run to find the problem?
if more info is needed, i will post it right away.
i would greatly appreciate any help.
thanks for your time.
