ok, so let's break down what you are getting into a few different pieces here: model #: emachines t6524 cpu: amd athlon 64 3500+ 2.2ghz ram: 1gb ddr hd: 200gb capicity optical drive: dual layer dvdrw graphics card: integrated ati radeon xpress 200 flash media reader (not sure on this) o/s: windows xp media center 2005. so, let's go through this bit by bit: cpu: amd is advanced micro devices and are a very well known cpu maker, intel is the other big kahuna here.
the &quot;athlon 64&quot; is a model number so that you have a 64 bit processor using the athlon line as opposed to their budget one.
the 3500+ is a performance index, some of the other ones go up to 5000+ in the newest 64 x2 which is a dual core ones.
the 2.2 ghz is the cpu speed.
ram: this is the random access memory and is where things are stored in memory when your computer is running usually.
bigger is better and 1 gb is a little above the common minimum of 512 mb in most new systems.
my current laptop for example has 2 gb of ram but then part of that is i wanted extra ram in my machine since i tend to have some applications that use quite a bit like microsoft's visual studio.
hd: hard drive is where you store various files.
200 gb is a decent sized hd though some go for the big stuff like 500 gb or that new one from seagate that has 750 gb for the upper threshold.
my laptop has a mere 75 gb so your new one beats that.
dual layer dvdrw: this indicates that it can read and write dvds which is a feature on my laptop though my previous desktop didn't have a dvd drive.
graphics card: some will call this a video card and it is the same thing, it is what translates the computer code into a display and the more memory the better on these and depending on what games you'd play you may need some of the top of the line ones.
flash media reader: i have no clue on this, sorry.
o/s: windows xp media center 2005. microsoft puts out a few different flavors of xp and generally there are 3 kinds for most folks: home, media center and pro.
home is the simplest and doesn't have many bells and whistles.
pro is what most companies have and does have a few special add-ons since this is commonly used on networks.
then there is the media center edition which i'm still researching a bit but seems to have some special things for audio and video and most systems have a built in tv tuner and other features to make their computer into an all-in-one entertainment center.
hopefully that helps decode things somewhat.
if you want further answers just ask as this was a general stab at things.
regards, jb
