sorry for the rushed reply, and i'm doing so again (want to hit the pool with the kids,lol).
ok, 2 questions: 1. what's your budget, and 2. have you made up your mind that you definitely want to build your own.
your budget is a big determining factor whether you build yourself or buy retail of course.
if you're bent on building yourself, and this may be the best bit of advice i can give you, do you have a knowledgable friend who can help you out?
i say this because most computer parts are made in asia, and the translation leaves much to be desired.
this is where the tech-knowledgeable friend comes in.
even though i've built quite a few systems in the last few years, every motherboard will have something unrecognizable to me- to some, it's a piece of cake.
i'm prety near-sighted, and i'm getting tired of holding a mini-flashlight in my mouth to read what's on the motherboard (you'd think by now i'd map everything out before i put the motherboard in-duh).
still, for a first build, it would be helpful to have a knowledgable friend when you get to the &quot;wtf!&quot; point to help you out.
that said, your needs seem to be as simple as the original poster's.
not a gamer, so no vid card.
i personally think onboard sound has gotten very good, so no sound card.
i personally like a floppy drive myself; no biggie in cost, should be less than $15.
i would suggest a 64 bit chip, preferably an amd (don't think intel has 64 bit for the home consumer anyway)- don't judge a processors speed from it's advertised speed- amd has it's memory controller built into the chip, so, say it's raw ghz is 1.6- that doesn't tell the whole story; you have to factor in the bus speed.
my hp laptop has an 64 bit amd turion chip, raw chip speed 1.6- but it has a 1600 mhz bus speed.
compare that to my current desktop- intel p4 3.06 ghz- bus speed 400 mhz.
my point is, don't go by raw numbers you see.
i may be inviting debate with the intel vs. amd crowd, but you can't argue with benchmarks- but for your needs, i really don't see a need for you to get the fastest chip on the block, but i do recommend a 64 bit chip, so you're &quot;future proofing&quot;.
vendors will be coming out with 64 bit applications, so you'll want a chip to handle those application.
my understanding thus far, is that vendors will make these apps backwords compatible, but if you're buying/building new, why not prevent any possible future headaches?
as to single or dual core, i think it's moot as to your needs; for what you do, you probably wouldn't notice the difference.
i'd say dual core if you were a gamer, runinng resource intensive applications, doing vid editing and the like, but you're not, so why spend the extra cash?
no need to, imo.
then there's motherboards that have the ram run in what's called dual-channel- speeds things up, but that means more expensive- for your needs, i don't see the need for it.
if you buy a retail version of xp, you wont need a recovery cd; if you buy a retail pc, it should come with one.
hd's are cheap; go to  and i bet you can find a 250 gig hd for well under $100.
a dvd burner will play dvd's, so you can get by on one optical drive (i'm thinking of cutting costs here); if you insist on 2 drives (i have 2 dvd burners on my system- 1. because i have lots of left over hardware from previous builds, and 2. it makes things simpler if i want to make disc to disc copies.
but, overall no biggie as to 1 or 2. for the most part, it doesn't matter which drive goes in which bay; one drive will be a master (depending on if you have it on the secondary channel) and the other will be the slave.
the master/slave relationship will be determined by how you set the &quot;jumpers&quot; on the drives itself.
if you have only 1 hardrive, you may want to &quot;slave&quot; 1 drive to the same ribbon the hd is on, and put the 2nd hd on the secondary channel as the master.
generally, i put the cheaper of my drives as the master- but quite frankly, i don't see much of a difference.
either drive will read whatever disc you put in; you can always change the master/slave relationship either via the bios or changing the jumper settings.
if i had only 1 hardrive, i would slave the &quot;d&quot; drive to the hd, then put the other drive on it's own ribbon.
but, again, with 2 optical drives, no biggie as to which drives goe where as far as bays.
antec makes good power supplies, and i agree that 400 watts should be the bare minimum (dell normally uses 250).
i use a no-name psu called powermaster or something like that, 550 watts.
been using powermaster for years, and only 1 psu failed on me.
most motherboards these days will have integrated sound, video, phone jack, and ethernet connections for high-speed cable/dsl.
personally, i don't like integrated card readers, unless you have many types of memory cards, cuz, when you open up my computer, you're gonna see about 6 extra drive letters and get a headache.
just my personal bias.
most cases now will have ports for front usb, and firewire connections.
i have to run for now, but take a look at someplace like tigerdirect.com or newegg.com and take a look at their &quot;barebones&quot; systems.
these are partially assembled pcs with the motherboard installed in the case, then you add the ram, drives, and os and you're good to go.
i'll come back later to see if i missed anything....
