1st stay away from compaq.
i am a hp pc user and i have no problem.
unfortunate no matter what pc you use assuming it is not home built tech support sucks high % of the calls gets routed to who knows where and high % of those rep speaks with a accent so heavy you cannot understand what is going on.
dell is even worst, they try to offer you extended waranty where you have to pay for more waranty time if you want after your pc waranty expire.
their tech support sucks.
if you get someone that speaks perfect english to help you that is like you just won the big lottery jackpot.
if you plan to open up and pc desktop case please touch anything metal to make sure you are not full of static or electricity shock the media center pc is nice except the removable drive slot sucks the drive is optional meaning you have to spend more $ to get the drive and with the market technology where hard drive is terribyte these removable drive that goes into that pc slot in your pc is not only out of date the drive itself is very heavy and bulky.
their memory card slot are not covered meaning no door over it when it is not being used.
dust do go into those open slot which in the long run will trigger problem with your pc when you put in a card it may not read or give your error message.
dust is a #1 villan in the pc world.
it can trigger many computer problem.
so watch out for that.
the 2nd thing you need to watch out for is any open area in the back of your pc like the fan or whatever you have in the back of the pc case that is open.
if your pc is at home or in the office it is recommended that every 4-6months you take a strong flashlight and a thin tweezer and look around and plug out whatever dust you see sticking in those open holes in back of the pc and of course make sure all ac cable are disconnected before you do your maintenance.
if you are experienced enough to open the pc desktop case to troubleshoot you will notice with the fan there are lots of sticky dust stuck on it.
so a think tweezer with a small piece of paper or towel under it while carefully plugging off those dust and letting it fall onto the paper or tissue and carefully transfer this garbage into the garbage can.
if you hear a funny sound coming out of the pc this is probably the fan, i have found the sound do go away after i carefully try to tweezer out as much as possible dust off from the pc case or inside the pc, dust and sticky dust do accumulate over time as the pc is being used.
this happens.
if you are not an expert with pc then i recommend you to draw a picture of what the pc looks like inside before you do your cleaning.
this way if you disconnect any cable you know what or where to connect back, cable usually (if ribbon cable) have a line on one end this is pin 1 notice where or what side the line faces and document it before you play.
a lot of times it takes many hours and try to a tech support person before you get your answer that is because each time you call tech support or customer service (not only pc this is to any consumer product you buy) they document into their database why you call and what they did for you.
if you call again they pull up your account and read off what the last rep told you so that is the reason why many times you get repeated instruction even though you may be speaking with a different rep and calling a different time.
when i call customer service or tech support i 1st tell them please do not read off and give me the same thing what the previous rep documented on my account.
this usually resolve some annoying headache you have to waste your time to deal with.
write:just 7 months after purchase there was a sporatic and mysterious clicking coming from the tower.
comment: this can be the hard drive or lose cable inside.
make sure the cable is not lose inside use a 3rd party program and do diagnostic to your hard drive.
back up all important data before you do any troubleshooting now!!!!
or do a google search on your problem have handy a list of pc error code, should you get any pc error code you need to know what them mean.
just go to google and type in pc error code.
this is a good reference item to have.
example: error code 301 we know is keyboard error please run a diagnostic thru the hard disk exsmple: norton system work, if you use older windows scandisk will do or go to book store or your local library and see what type of books they have for computer repair and look for the subject you need.
if you know the hard disk manufacturer you may want to go to their site and see if there is any software update or other information they may be posted there you can always contact them for help it should be free.
one good place to check when you have problem with anything is  consumer safety product commission they handle recall so you can check to see if your pc or hard disk or anything you may have is on the recall list.
you can search item, manufacturer name etc.. be surprise for the past 2 years there was many laptop battery and ac cable recall.
you can subscribe to a free subscription to come to you via email each time new recall is added to the list for food and drugs  same as above you can subcribe for a free email recall notice but here only cater on food and drugs where as cpsc is on consumer product write: wanted to try and resolve the issue via &quot;live chat&quot;.
of course they were in india, giving slow and sketchy instructions from a binder.
reply: ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh how i hate this........ watch out for this trap for any support call 1st ask them are you being charged????
record your conversation (i think you can do this by law i am not sure please check on this subject before you do it to protect youself from being sued) from experience i have found sometimes tech support are free, sometimes they want your credit card # up front, sometimes they tell you free but 1/2 way down the line in the middle of nowhere they start asking you for your credit card # and want to charge you from there this happened to me once when compaq was compaq before took over cp.
be prepare for this trick when calling any tech support or customer service for anything.
write: one even asked me to take the side off the tower and listen for the noise while were were chatting.
i did, the screen went askew and i lost him.
called back and got another guy in india who wanted to start all over again.
reply: that is because the 1st guy may not have documented what he was doing with you or if he did the next guy that comes in usually start from scratch or they pull up a database screen on the subject of your trouble and start reading off the instruction to you making you think this person is talking off their head.
don't forget everything is inside a database for tech or customer support now a days.
try another drive cable and if available try that hd onto another pc and see if you get that noise you are having.
this is a good test.
make sure you draw a map of what you are disconnecting before you take things apart this helps at reconnect.
this trick is also good for printer troubleshooting when you have printing problem swap the ink and do test print.
write: he also thought it was the hd going out (7 months after purchase) and wanted me to wait while he read the length transcript from the guy who had me diassemble the tower.
it had now been 3 hrs of phone to ear.
i hung up.
reply: 3hrs?
i would have hung up within the 1st 1 1/2 hr.
run a diagnostic to check windows something like norton system works windows diagnostic do a hard disk diagnostic i am sure hp gave you a diagnostic cd when you bought the pc and do a window diagnostic to make sure nothing is corrupted.
write: a few days later i eventually got a woman (in india) who said she would send me a shipping box to have the computer repaired.
however, because we were now 3 weeks over the warranty date she wouldn't send the box until i first paid $268 for the repairs.
i called a local repair shop who, in just 4 days could replace the hd for $258.
reply: the problem may not be your hard drive these people will get your $ whatever they can at $258 you can but a big size hard drive a your local store when it is on sale.
assuming you don't have any impportant data in your hard drive.
it is just making sound your hard drive is not yet dead do back up now of all your data take them out.
write: i opted for him since he was local and if there were subsequent problems, i could go back to him easily.
after he replaced the defective hd i called hp corporate and asked if i could be reimbursed for the hd, not the labor, just the defective part since i had been addressing the problem long before its expiration date.
no deal.
reply.... i had a hp deskjet printer about 1 month before waranty expire i noticed parts was breaking off i called hp they claim that model was currently recalling back the ac cable they offer me a new cable which is of no use because parts were breaking off while paper was feeding out.
i want free repair or replacement because waranty was still active.
no luck so you are not the only one in this situation this sucks.... write: according to them i should have sent it to them and paid for repairs and would have had it back in 2 weeks for $268.00.
whatever happen to customer satisfaction?
i'll never buy from hp again.
never!!!!
reply: hp is supposed to be one of the better brand if you thin hp is bad dell is even worst.
go onto their site look at the accessory they sell take memory for example each week the price is different.
someone was shopping for memory for their pc it was advertised at $40+ per gig (which is high price and you won't get name brand dell calls it their brand) you have to but them in pairs so double the price will be your cost.
you call them up they ask for your invoice or account # if you give it to them they claim for that pc you have (we were doing this test for their desktop pc) the price is $89 per gig and if you question why their web site is only 40+ per gig they try to tell you this is the ongoing market price and they are right.
this is a big rip off.
so be prepare for customer rip off for anyone who is interested in buying from dell.
for the same memory if you go to a store and getting it name brand when it is on sale the price comes out a lot lower than dell web site or call in $.
the research was done excluding shipping and tax.
hope this reply is of some help
