&gt;&gt;&gt;i am looking into upgrading my pc looking for a dual core system and be able to run todays games well it doesnt have to be cutting edge but still needs to look good and not be really expensive.
when you say todays games what did you have in mind?
most games today are direct x 9. these play just fine on most lower cost graphic cards.
some games and more future games are going to be direct x 10. the only way to play these games is on vista os and have a dirext x 10 graphic card.
now most of the future games well probably be both direct x 9 and 10 (for about a year).
it really depends on the developer.
this is why you need to know what kind of games you are going to be playing.
&gt;&gt;&gt;i am all for building stuff its pretty fun but is it worth it?
i see dual core pc's at walmart for around 500bux would it be more cost effective to buy one of these and add a pretty good video card to it and some more ram, rather than buying everything and putting it together.
is it worth it?
that really depends on a lot of little things.
probably most is time.
do you have time to build a computer yourself?
do you have time to trouble shoot it your self (sense you are building it, there really isnt any tech support to call when things go wrong, unless its a certain part).
but you have to realize the computers you find in the store are made to be cheap.
they are trying to cut corners where ever they can to bring the cost down.
like others said, the computer in walmart well probably have 512 of ram, but what speed of ram, how many pci slots does it have?
does it have a pci express x16 or just x4 and x1?
this is one of the reason i like to build a computer is because i have complete control over what goes into it.
i pick the parts, and then when i need to upgrade i know what my computer can do because i built it that way.
&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;i relate it to cars yes i could spend 125 grand on a porsche turbo if i had the money or i could buy a new 30grand mustang and throw some nitrous and a supercharger on it that costs 5grand roughly you may give up some looks or some cornering ability but have roughly the same performance for alot less money.
yes you could, but the different really comes down to the quality of the parts.
yes your mustang well run, and probably good enough for what you need.
but what if in a year you come to realize that your mustang had a cheaper batter, or a older model spark plugs(sorry im more into computers then cars).
the point is you get what you pay for.
when you buy a dell at walmart you are going to get some good parts, but you are also going to get some lower quality parts.
i have offered some suggestions to another user a couple of months back about building a computer (copy and paste)  to me it really comes down to time.
do you have the time to build what you want and troubleshoot it if things go wrong.
if you buy a dell you just call up dell and they walk you through the process(which still takes time).
two stories.
my brother kind of out of the blue bought some e-marchine computer for school work.
with windows xp and only 256 of ram at the time it wasnt to bad for just typing up a word document.
but it didnt take long that my brother was wondering why this takes so long to load, or why cant i play this game.
i had to tell him his computer wasnt build for that.
it was build to be a cheap computer.
after just over 3 years the computer died (not sure if it was power supply or motherboard).
so i ended up building him a computer for around $500 that could do video editing.
i probably should have had him spend a little bit more but now they have a computer build for what they plan to use it for.
second story.
i plan on building a computer in a month for myself.
comparing the same parts with a dell computer i probably well save close to a $1000 building it myself.
and i get to buy a cool computer case (  ) i good place to find deals on computer parts is
