first you need to know the native resolution of your new monitor.
i looked at the manufacturers specs for 19&quot; komodo monitors and it looks like your native resolution is 1280x1024.
here is the we page i found the info on:  right-click somewhere on your desk top then click on &quot;properties&quot;.
you will get a display properties message box.
look for the &quot;settings&quot; tab and click on it.
you should see a screen resolution setting in a small window on the lower left.
that setting is the resolution your graphics card is currently set to.
you can adjust your resolution using the less/more slider button right above the setting value.
you may find that your built in graphics card cannot go as high as your monitor and that would present a minor problem.
most built in graphics cards are left lacking in the performance and features areas.
if you find your built in card can't handle the resolution of your new monitor you can usually fix this by adding in a new graphics card and disabling the built in.
that would be my course of action rather than sending it back.
you have a very good monitor and i would higly recommend hanging on to it.
graphics cards range from very inexpensive ($35) to extremly outrageous ($600).
i usually buy ati myself but there are many good manufacturers to choose from.
for example here's a decent card based on the ati chipset but distributed by asus:  this card takes an agp slot and i'm assuming you probably have one though you'll want to check that.
to do so simply open your computer up and look for a brown slot.
if you have one you can buy a new agp card and disable the on-board video.
to disable the on-board video card simply start up your computer and go into bios setup.
most computers will let you enter bios setup by simply pressing the delete key while starting it up.
however there are some that use a different key so you may have to figure that out first.
once your in you will need to look for the setting that allows you to turn off integrated video.
after setting this value to &quot;disabled&quot; turn off the computer and install the new graphics card and fire it up.
when the computer starts up for the first time with the new hardware it will likely be set on the lowest screen resolution at first.
it will also find your new card and ask for the drivers.
cancel out of microsofts driver finder and insert the driver disk that will come with your new graphics card.
it should auto start and walk you through the driver install.
after a reboot or two your new card will be installed and will likely set itself to a higher resolution but don't settle for the one it gives you automatically instead right-click on the desktop again and go back through the steps i mentioned above for setting your screen resolution.
this time around you will be able to use the higher setting that matches your new lcd monitor.
i know this all sounds very difficult especially if you've never done it before but trust me it really won't take too much time and you could have it done in less than an hour.
if you have a local best buy or similar store you could even find your replacement graphics card without having to order it.
i hope this helps.
good luck.
