let's look at the original request.
the poster wants a method to use for a business.
not just share vacation photos.
not just put up their recipes.
this is business data.
my point was that we really don't know how confidential the data is.
if this is customer data, would you, as a customer, feel good about knowing that your information, possibly including credit card numbers or medical data, is sitting out on the internet where it is almost guaranteed that someone will see it?
you also said, &quot;having personally well over 10,000 service calls under my belt, to date, i do not know of a single person that has lost or had data stored in the cloud compromised, yet... (not including email accounts).
&quot; i can tell you that, if you were using google docs, this would not be true.
google employees are allowed to read your information that you put up there.
dropbox is the same way.
if you don't believe this, just read the tos, the privacy statements and the faqs of all of these services.
google states that all documents are scanned electronically looking for inappropriate information.
they also state that many of the documents are scanned by their employees.
they also say they can give your data to 3rd parties (such as?
maybe homeland security as twitter does?
or their advertisers?).
both google and dropbox have been hacked in the past with data being compromised.
so, in general, while you may be correct that your data has never been compromised, if you used some of these services, your data technically has been compromised but you may not know it.
it depends if you trust the host's employees or not.
but what if your information is so sensitive, that nobody can see that data?
not even google or dropbox?
for example, my credit card numbers.
or a lawyer's case notes on a trial.
what if you have client's medical data (hipaa-related) and you put those up there and get caught?
have a lot of money to pay a fine?
is putting the data up there enough to cause a violation just in itself?
these services do not guarantee hipaa-compliance (read faqs).
not only do they not guarantee that you documents would be safe but they say that they have a right to read, modify and display your documents publicly!
don't believe me.
just do the reading.
