i can see two problems with hard drives: 1) the bigger the hard drive, the more you stand to loose if it fails 2) unless you are super organised and never need to use the search facility, you'll find it can take relatively long time find the right file (despite faster processors).
if you get system built for you, ask the system builder to divide the disk into one or more logical drives and save different types of stuff in each: for example, i have a small logical hdd for operating system and swap file, another for programs, next one for data and one logical drive for each kid.
sure, for each partition you loose some of the drive space, but these days that's not a problem.
my teenage son's computer has only 6gb hdd but he doesn't find this too much of a problem because he has got into a habit of backing up his files on cd-roms and uninstalling any program he is not currently using, running a reg cleaner afterwards.
granted, he is not using powerful programs that need huge amount of space, but the principal is the same: as long as you only keep work in process in the computer, you don't *really* need all that space.
how much your minimum need is, depends if you are doing video editing or writing letters... but its nice to have lots of space, nevertheless i have my whole music library, several gigabytes worth of image files, two computers backed up, plus my son's drivers even though they are burned onto a disk or two as well.
again, you are right about vista needed lots of memory and it is now cheap.
but if you only do simple office tasks, you should be able to cope less than we are led to believe.
i have under 800mb ram of which the onboard graphics and sound takes their share, yet i have never run out of memory, despite running 3 or 4 programs (including image editing one) and up to fifteen web pages, while listening to music.
because my funds are limited, i'll buy more memory only if and when i need it.
there are some more user-friendly versions of linux that self-install (more or less) the os, but you are right in that they are still not as easy as windows.
more importantly, hardware is not as widely supported.
what i see in my local pc world, mac isn't that well supported either, in soft or hardware.
of course, its all down to preference in the end.
