if you paid $500 retail for a desktop - i would give it 16 months before something (usually the hard drive) goes out.
they are built with cheap knockoff, copied, boards.
i have been building pc's since my first - when the comodore 64 would not do what i wanted.
lol i always used quality name brand equipment (bragging rights type) - and was able to sell them cheaper than retail and still made a decent profit.
my first personal lasted 7 years - still runs fine with win 3.1. just needed something faster than 12mhz.
my next lasted pretty much 12 years - with cpu, ram and video card upgrades.
still runs fine and still use it, so add 3 years to that.
this one i built almost 3 years ago cause i wanted it to do more, and will probably last me a while.
just depends on what happens in the world and my personal wants.
what i figure is the key to longevity - quality name brand equip - and getting some, like the power supply, larger than you really need.
if you run things to their max all the time - well, they will get a heart attack.
by getting the ps larger, it doesnt have to work so hard to give you max performance.
with todays cpu's you need to keep them cool - add fans, 120mm with hight cfpm.
at least 2 hard drives in the case and one outside for backups.
the hd's are really the weakest link for failures since they have high speed moveing parts.
this last complete build i think ran me about 900 or so plus a new 24 in monitor - had to have it - lol lol full tower case - one 750w power supply and one 350w ps - the 750 runs the mobo, 2g ram, vid card w/512ram, sat tuner card, 2 250g hd's.
the 350 runs the diskett, 2 dvd's and 5 fans.
the fans are custom mounted to give better flow thru etc.
cut holes in the case sides to mount one directly over the cpu fan and one on the other side that moves air across the bottom of the mobo.
all the places that air gets in or past a fan is filtered.
keeps me from haveing to vac out the place like i used to.
one thought - do you have a lot of electrical brown outs or power failures ?
this could be a reason that helped the ps's to go out.
i use spike and line filtered pluged to the wall - to which i plug in the apc 1500 ups with all its protection.
we have a lot of power problems here so this double shot keeps me sane.
let the cheaper strip eat it.
so... theres my two cents worth for today.
