for my third system, i thought, &quot;what the heck; i spend so much time tinkering around with this stuff, how hard can it be?&quot; the hardest part was getting sp1 loaded on a 200gb harddrive--bill used all kinds of subtefuge to get me to buy into sp2, but i resisted.
sp1, without a patch, can't handle the large harddrives (i can't exactly remember what the limitation is, but it's less the 200gb).
anyway, i paid twice as much money for a fundamentally limited gateway in 1998. then, thinking to outfox the limitations, in feb 2004, i bought an &quot;expandable&quot; e-machine advertised at pc 3200+.
i could never figure out how the nvidia chipset, rated by the nvidia people, the fic mobo assembly people, and the amd designers; all three of these entities said this was 400 fsb / 3200+ (emachine said it was a 3200+ machine as well--it just couldn't handle fsb over 333 (does anyone see a problem?).
somehow, e-machines was able to downsize the fsb to 333 ddr (i had two 512 ddrs for 2 slots).
i had been reading the wrangling about whether this is a pc2700 or a pc3200 that i had.
i got a good price on a pair of crucial 1gb 400 ddrs and decided to take the chance.
wrong.
the bios recognized the 2048mbs of 400ddr, but as soon as i would plug in my agp (i was giving the system it's enema and because the mobo was designed w/ nvidia integrated video, i had to set the rest of the stuff up.
then, load the nvidia video drivers for the agp card.
before rebooting to the new drivers, i had to disable the onboard nvidea drivers.
ok so far--agp drivers loaded fine, the 400ddr was up and running so i'd power off, unplug the power, pop the agp card in, plug it back up, power it up and everything would load properly until it came time to adjust the new agp card setting--bam--bsod.
after running in that circle for 2 or 3 times, i said, &quot;screw this--i'm going to either mess up the new memory or my agp card & maybe the sound card--who knows?
i need 64 bit processing anyway (need?
bs; i wanted it!).
down to the local store, bought an abit mobo w/ a 64 bit, true pc 3200+ for that socket 939. no more socket a for me.
true, that set me back a few bucks, but the total expenditure on mobo & chipset was less than a 4th of what i spent on the emachine.
no more trying to make a silk purse out of a sow's ear.
i snatched out the new 200gb hd i had installed in the emachine, it's unappreciated new 400ddr mem mods 2gb or did i say that, the 52x (at the top) cd burner/dvd reader.
the sound card (and i think that's it).
i kept the emachine's dvd read/readwrite/re-write (or whatever) drive.
i forgot--i also took the pci usb/firewire card to put in the new system.
so, for about 350 bucks (i think) plus all the good stuff already bought and paid for that was wasted on the emachine, i now have a system that screams.
i'm not a gamer, but this setup could be competetive--replace the 128mb video card w/ 850 dollars worth of video card (at that price, take your choice), and you've got a gamer.
i guess i'd also have to go to serial ata (the abit board can serial built-in but my harddrives are ide) or a bunch of tiny hard drives--my 200gb is like a 747 flying against a squadron of f16s.
isn't that what a scuzzy really is?
however, if you don't feel like tinkering w/ your computer, go ahead & buy the emachine.
they are a very good buy--just don't plan to upgrade.
you get what you pay for and emachine gets the most out of the little material that they've put in--hat's off on that count.
i'll never buy another pre-assembled desktop (i'll be forced to replace my laptop in about 18 mos & i can't assemble one of those--i'm too clumsy).
