all i can tell you is about my own experiences.
those described below include both 11b and 11g wireless routers.
linksys: in the past year i have had to return 3 linksys wireless routers for clients.
since most stores will now only give you 10 days to return the item there was no choice but to return to linksys which then sends you a refurb replacement.
10 days is barely enough to time to see if the network is stable.
first one did not work out of the box.
router could not be accessed from computer via msie.
all lights where lite but it was doa!
second one would only allow wireless devices to work on channel 6 only and signal was so week that any disturbance would kill the connection.
no problem with wired connections.
third one - the wireless worked great but not one wired port worked.
had one other wired linksys router fail this year but it was old enough to already be out of warranty so no option for replacement.
could have been due to a lightning strike or constant power outages.
when the linksys wireless routers are used i find them to below average as far as wireless range are more susceptible to interference when compared to others.
i have found that linksys wireless adapters have less trouble staying connected to the linksys wireless routers than other brands.
but the linksys wireless adapters often have more trouble staying connected to other brand routers.
d-link: have not found one to be defective in the all the years i have been installing them and they are fairly easy to set up.
range seems equal to most other routers and i have had not trouble using them with multi-brand wireless adapters.
have only had one wired router fail in past years and it was old at the time.
belkin: fairly new to the retail market but have installed a good many and have had no trouble with these wireless routers.
easy to setup wireless signal seems above average.
never had one fail.
have used many belkin wireless adapters on mixed brand networks and found them to be excellent.
i have also found them to be cheaper than others with rebates.
one draw back is that pci cards do not seem to work in win98se as they claim.
belkin said is was not uncommon and replaced with usb model and never had another problem.
good customer service.
netgear: i have installed more wired and wireless netgear than any other brand and can tell you that i have yet for one to fail.
many have been in place for many years and they just keep working, including ones that i have personally on my networks and some for over 5 years.
most routers have more features than other brands.
there wireless range is above average and have had no problem with them working with most brand wireless adapters, including off brands, except for a few linksys.
several notebook and usb 11b and 11g linksys adapters that i have installed and used with the netgear seem to connect but will not stay connected.
very annoying.
have never had to call tech support for routers but have for adapters and would rate them good.
software updates solved the problems with adapters.
those 4 brands seem to be the retail market leaders and my personal preference is netgear but i feel good recommending all but the linksys.
i have also setup and used other wireless routers including motorola, microsoft, hawking technology, smc and other brands that my clients purchase from who knows where and have not had any real problems with them.
some have been in place for several years.
customers have had no real problems that could not be solved by a bit if tweaking.
one more warning!
if you have 2.4 ghz cordless phones or other devices in the room or close by in the home they often interfere with the wireless connection.
often you can solve the problem by moving either the wireless router or the phone base a greater distance from away from one another.
but if you are going to use the wireless phone around the wireless connected computer it will often kill the connection when ever you answer or make a call.
easiest and best solution is to upgrade your phone to a 5.8 ghz model and the problems will likely go away.
footnote about wireless router/modem combo's....... recently comcast has started offering, for a monthly fee, a wireless router/cable modem combo.
the brands that i have seen so far are linksys and netgear.
the main thing about these modems is that they can not operate on a weak cable internet signal and usually end up in the basement where the cable actually enters the house.
this cuts the wireless signal range in the home drastically.
if you try to move it up to the upper floors the cable internet signal is too weak for the cable modem to stay connected or in many cases even find an internet signal.
only solution to move the modem/router combo is to have an entire new wire run from the pole to the upper floor by comcast.
one other disturbing thing about the modem router combos is that the installers lock you out of them with their identity and password.
you then have to call customer service for them to give it to you.
it is their intention for them to service your network, not you!
ask the technician for the id and password before he leaves.
i can also tell you that the linksys combos have a failure rate, according to a technician i spoke to, of about 3 per month of the ones he installs.
said he has only had one defective netgear router/modem combo fail of all that he has installed to date.
the other problem that i have found with both the linksys and negear wireless router combos is that the wireless units will not stay connected.
some days for a only few hours and some days for only a few minutes at a time.
not all customers experience this problem.
but i have had this problem with several customers so far.
i did however find the solution.
the solution is to get the standard motorola modem offered by comcast or by a retailer and then purchase a separate wireless router, brand of your choice, and all the problems disappear.
no more lost cable internet connections or wireless connections.
not only that, in most cases the motorola modem can be installed on the upper floors where there is a weaker signal.
can't say that i recommend the linksys or netgear wireless cable modem combo.
their wireless signal strength seems to be below average on both the brands.
it may have been intentional due to the number of these that will be installed in apartments and condos.
what about verizon?
verizon has started offering a wireless router/ modem combo and i have had much experience installing them.
theirs is made by westell and wireless signal strength is about average.
setup is easy but you have to play with the firewall settings to get the wireless connected computers to be able to surf all sites, download files and check email.
no charge for the router/modem.
sign up for a year contract and you own it.
if you want a wireless network and don't have a wireless router this a good way to go.
the westell seems to work ok with most brand adapters.
if you have a good working wireless router already i would recommend just getting the plain modem offered.
i little configuration is required to make it work on a router if it is a westell model 2200 and you may have to call customer service for help to set it up.
wireless adapters: that said now lets talk about wireless adapters.
here are few recommendations.
first off you have a choice of pci cards with antenna, pci cards that allow you to attach a notebook pcmcia adapter, standard pcmcia notebook adapter cards themselves and usb wireless adapters.
i have installed hundreds of these.
and the latest would be the wireless adapters that come installed in new laptops.
and yes, if you get a 11g or &quot;super g&quot; they are backwards compatible and will work with any 11b equipment.
first lets address the built in in adapters.
i have found them to be superior in signal strenght and connection compared to pcmcia adapter cards.
the one thing is that sometimes you must spin the actual laptop around to get the best signal.
and have not seen one so far that would not connect to any brand router and stay connected if you are close enough to the router.
pcmcia cards very in style and shape and also in signal strength.
as with the laptop you must often spin the direction of the laptop to get best signal.
many i have found will not work with windows 98, or 98se even though they claim that the do.
if going to travel, stick to a brand name card such as netgear or d-link because they seem to be more compatible with more systems.
if it is for your home use and will not be traveling much a generic odd brand card may work just fine.
again this is the linksys model that seems to have the most trouble.
one other consideration with the pcmcia notebook cards is style and design.
look at your notebook and how the case is designed where the card slot is.
many cards have a thick antenna at the end and will not fit into a contoured or sculpted case.
and if you have other cards that must be installed with it make sure there is room around that card.
if you think that it could be a problem get a usb model.
pci card adapters for desktop pc's with the external antenna's are easy to buy, easy to physically install but again have seen many that have trouble with win98 systems.
their signal is usually much worse than usb models and the fact that most pc's are buried under the desk or on the floor up against the wall is a real problem for these adapters.
remember that as with all antennas the higher the antenna the better the signal will be.
and as i mentioned before about the pci card that allows you to use a notebook wireless adapter by sliding it into the back of your computer.
same thing applies, if the pc is low and buried on the floor signal will be week.
and as i mentioned above, sometimes you need to spin the antenna around to get a better signal.
how many of you can spin your desktop pc around?
if your router is very close to the desktop pc then this should not be a problem.
usb adapters are the best of both worlds.
the antenna on most of them are cabled to the pc or laptop and you can spin the antenna part around, raise it higher than the pc to get the best signal.
and i have yet to see one that does not work in windows 98. you could use it for your pc at home and use the same usb adapter on the road for your laptop when traveling.
if you don't have a usb port in your desktop you can buy a card to add them.
same goes for a laptop, you can add a pcmcia card with usb ports.
one last warning *** if you are still using windows 95 don't even think about going wireless!!!
nothing supports it.
