a few months ago my father passed away and soon thereafter my brother had two new computers installed in our father's home; both new units were dells purchased from dell's small business division.
one computer is a low end dell dimension desktop; the other computer is a dell inspiron 1300 notebook which i have enjoyed using very much.
my brother also had my old dial-up service with bell south switched over to their company's entry level dsl service.
a lynksys router was also installed in the bedroom with the dell desktop which allows me to use the notebook wirelessly throughout the house.
i have yet to use the dell desktop and am reluctant to do so since i don't want to load that computer down with my personal data.
for quite sometime now i've wanted to purchase a desktop pc from velocity micro but have come to the conclusion that their systems are too expensive for my personal budget.
dell takes a real bashing in many forums including forums here on cnet and i'm reluctant to purchase a desktop pc from dell for myself for that very reason; poor customer service and tech support.
the dell's in the house belong to my brother and if something happens to them; they'll be his problem; not mine.
if i did consider purchasing a new desktop pc from dell should i consider purchasing one of their low end xps models and purchase it through their small business division rather than their home office division?
are dell xps machines built with better parts than lower end dell dimension desktop pc models?
i read somewhere; can't remember where that i would receive usa based tech support if i purchased a new pc from dell's small business division but i would receive overseas tech support if i purchased a new desktop pc from dell's home office division.
i was considering something like a dell xps 400 or similar unit from dell's small business division.
if i should not consider purchasing a new desktop pc from dell; i've already ruled out velocity micro due to their cost; which other brands of desktop pc's should i consider to purchase for someone who would use a new desktop pc simply for word processing; personal finance; web surfing and email?
something with an 80 to 120gb hd; 512mb ram; dvd rom and a cdrw; either a dedicated video card or equipped with integrated video and audio; 56k modem and the ability to access high speed internet.
a built in floppy drive; outdated now but would still be nice; connections up front for a digital camera if i decide to purchase one in the future would also be a nice.
are desktop pc's by acer any good?
since having the experience of using a notebook computer for the first time i'll have to say that i'm hooked.
to be able to sit in the living room and surf the net or send emails from there is rather nice.
i'd like to one day buy myself a notebook of my own like dell's e1505 or equivalent from dell's small business division since i've read many good reviews as well as user feedback comments about it but until then i'll continue to use my brother's new dell inspiron 1300. in the meantime i really do need to buy myself a new desktop pc to replace my old win 95 desktop pc.
should i consider buying from dell or from somebody else?
big steve 06/25/06
