i worked at a compusa store for 4 years and i can tell you one thing.
harddrives go bad alot.
and while some of you &quot;savy&quot; users have had harddrives live 10+ years, i can tell you that you are the exception rather than the rule.
i stood right next to the harddrive department during the time i worked at compusa.
during that time i sold hundreds of harddrives(sure this doesn't include online buyers, but hear me out).
the line i heard the most is:&quot;(insert brand here) of harddrives suck!
i hate thier company and i will sue them!
i lost all my data!
i will never buy one of their harddrives again and i will tell everyone i know not to buy them too!
(insert other brand here) is soo much better!
my friend bought them and their computer still works!
omg!
i should have bought that one!&quot; hehe, as you can see, most people are really unhappy when their harddrive dies and they lose all their data.
but the fact remains, harddrives die all the time, all brands die.
how long will yours live do you ask?
well that depends on alot of things, how much you use it, temperature, things like that.
the old general &quot;law&quot; is every 10 degrees farienheit higher(than room temperature) and your life of components is halved.
the general consensus at the time i worked at compusa was 3-6 years for a harddrive living(my experience by customer complaints).
that sounds really short, but if you think about how long most people keep computers, are you really going to keep yours that long?
i really doubt it.
according to &quot;the law of accelerating returns&quot; we will continue to have better and better parts exponentially at cheaper and cheaper prices, so i doubt you will keep outdated equipment very long.
and if the worst happens , you do backup your data right?
oh you don't?...heh well good news, you can send your harddrive off to a data recovery service.
it's expensive, but they can get data off the most dead of dead harddrives.
so there can be hope if it is really worth it to you.
