here's my setup.
i have tried this with regular cable internet, business class and dsl, all with the same results.
i have internet into the house in the basement which goes into the modem.
modem feeds to my n900 router, where addresses are handed out to the machines, phones, tvs, etc, everything on the network, which then plugs into a netgear 24 port switch.
from there, i have about 1600 feet of cable strewn to wire each room in the house.
from the start, i had intermittent packet loss.
pinging my router has never been an issue, it's getting beyond that.
sometimes i can go 12 hours and not lose a packet, sometimes i can go 12 hours and lose every other one.
the isp (both of them) are stumped.
i've replaced the modem 6 times.
i think it's safe to rule out the modem.
the isp can see drops on the outside of the house at times, but at other times, cannot.
i use vpn for work, which is very sensitive to packet loss, and i do quite a bit of online gaming when i'm not working, again it's noticed.
it seems to also be 'triggered' by activity on the network.
meaning i click on a link or fire up pandora or download a file and bam...packet loss.
otherwise idle pinging with ping plotter shows very little loss (&lt;1%) which i believe is normal.
tonight, i had dsl hooked up, ran some errands, came home and found it erroring out every other packet.
i plugged the router into the cable modem which is still hooked up with the same results.
i rebooted the router and it went away...for about 10 minutes, then it's back again where i have intermittent packet loss.
i'm seeing this on all my pcs throughout the house.
these are wired pcs.
in every case, rebooting the router (which has already been replaced) fixes the issue, at least temporarily.
so it's a router or switch issue.
are there settings that i'm missing?
i'd rather not (re)invest in a new switch and router if the one i have needs to just be tweaked.
the switch is a simple netgear unmanaged 24 port switch.
any suggestions would be helpful.
thanks,
