yes there is - sort of... you didn't mention the brand name of your external 250 gb hard drive; but assuming that it is a quality product, on average you should consider getting a new hard drive after five years of use, assuming that you use it every day.
one factor that you should take into consideration on a portable drive is the care with which you handle an external hard drive.
the heads on the actuator arm never actually touch the platters.
sudden bumps or dropping the hard drive can cause damage to the platter, the actuator arm, or both.
if the recording head touches the platter while it is being used, due to a jolt to the desk or drive, or if it is knocked off the desk and hits the floor or any other object, then you have just ruined the drive.
another safety precaution is heat.
keep the drive cool.
its being housed in an external case, there is less room for air flow around the drive than there is inside your computer's tower; so the external drive may tend to get hotter than an internal drive.
with so little space between the actuator arm and platter surface, extreme heat could close that gap and cause physical damage to both the arm and the platter.
assuming that you have been careful, have kept the drive relatively cool, and there are no damaged sectors on the platter and no damage to the actuator arm, then five years is about as long as you should trust a hard drive, depending on the brand name.
maxtor eide hard drives have always given me good service.
i have an old machine that is almost nine years old which has two internal hard drives: a western digital and a maxtor eide.
the maxtor is about a year younger than the wd drive, and both are still working just fine--and they are constantly reading, writing, wiping, and rewriting data on a daily basis.
i have taken care of the computer and have kept my home office temperature at around 70 - 72 degrees f. that seems to be the optimum temperature for both the computer and me.
still, to be realistic, either of the hard drives could have failed at any time between installation and today.
in your case, your hard drive was purchased back when quality of workmanship was still a virtue.
in today's business climate, it's hard to say that any particular brand of hard drive is better or worse than its competitor.
western digital (wd) was once a benchmark product against which other brands were compared for quality.
over the past few months, though, i have heard and read quite a few bad reviews of wd hard drives.
there have been more than one instances of wd hard drives being defective either straight out of the box or within a few days of installation because of poor workmanship.
on the other hand, i have not heard any bad reviews of maxtor hard drives.
based on reviews alone, it seems that maxtor has surpassed wd in quality.
still, if you have been using the same hard drive for more than five years, you should consider adding a new second hard drive to your backup routine.
if the data you are backing up is data that you want to keep forever, then you maybe should consider using dvds to back up that data.
while external hard drives are excellent for the most part, i prefer to use dvds for permanent data storage and backups.
it is still the safest way to back up data, especially if you want a permanent solution.
dvd disks have a clear, hard plastic protective coating over both sides of the foil that actually stores the data.
a cd does not.
the surface that you write on when you label a cd disk is just the back side of the foil on which the data is written.
one accidental scratch from the raw edge of a cabinet, letter opener, scissors point, or other sharp object on the label side of a cd disk will ruin it.
a typical dvd disk consists of two clear plastic disks with the data storage medium sandwiched between them.
if the label side of the disk is accidentally scratched, it will not damage the stored data, and the disk can still be read by the dvd drive.
even if your data has a shelf life and is discarded after x amount of time (7 years for tax returns, for instance), dvd disks are still an option.
you can use dvd-rw disks and simply erase the dvd and write a new disk.
there are disadvantages to using dvd+r and dvd-rw disks compared to using an external hard drive; but dvds are not affected by magnetic fields, overheating (except for fire or sun damage) and the magnetic strength of the storage medium does not wane with age.
dvds will have a longer shelf life than an external hard drive for permanent data storage, and they are especially superior to an external hard drive for storage of income tax returns and photocopies of other important documents that will be kept for more than five years.
dvds are also superior to cds in the amount of data that can be stored on dvds.
cds will hold approximately 700mb.
single layer dvds hold approximately 4.7 gb.
dvds are safe from virus attacks, too.
any time you plug in an external hard drive, you are exposing all the data on that drive to potential virus infection.
not so with dvds--or even cds.
once the data is written to cd or dvd, if your machine becomes infected, the files on the cd or dvd disks remain clean.
if i were in your boots, i would buy a new external hard drive.
i would then use dvds for anything i wanted to keep for more than five years and the two external hard drives for data that i expected to keep for five years or less.
happy trails, cowboy.
al
