perhaps if you are still under warranty and work for a big company down on the peninsula in silicon valley you can wheedle wsupport out of hewlett packard.
here in the city by the bay a one-person office (consultancy) with an out-of-warranty printer dated march 1998 gets bupkis (that's yiddish for less than nothing).
however, if you go on the message boards at other sites, especially sites with consumers who are not in the high-tech or computer industries, you will find that owners of new hp printers under warranty are also receiving little or no support for their machines (unless they purchased at best buy which seems to be good at taking &quot;lemons&quot;, defective printers, back and immediately letting the consumer pick out a new equivalent printer from the floor - as we did the other day when handing over an under-warranty lemon hp photosmart.
hp could care less about that printer - or the shoddy, defective photosmart it replaced, which also died under warranty - and that was a replacement at best buy for a dead hp deskjet that hp didn't want to deal with because, i guess, they care about large corporate customers.
when we attempted to get support for our 6l we were dealing with hp business services, or whatever, because that is how the 6l and other office equipment here is purchased.
we spent 5 hours over two days on the phone speaking with 10+ hp employees, including people high up, not just tech suport employees.
we took turns holding the phone and explaining the situation over and over again.
we were charged in advance ($39)for support and then were thrown out of the suport queue because they cut you off betweek 5:00pm and 6:00pm even if you've been holding for 1 hour.
the next day we were told by someone high up that we never should have been charged for tech support because they couldn't help us.
guess how hard it was to get the $39 charge taken off, even after threatening to have the charge stopped by american express?
all during this process we were transferred to different countries and to a variety of completely irrelevant offices that have nothing to do ever with speaking to consumers.
some poor guy on one message board i read was actually connected to an hp personnel office called develepomental services!
it is pretty amazing when the company known for top support of their products has as many consumers as i've encountered online saying they'll never buy hp again even though they've been loyal customers for 20+ years (as we both have).
i have an hp laptop, two hp photosmart printers and two hp scanners...and the hp laserjet 6l.
we're an hp household.
if we won't buy hp ever again, who will?
but hp literally doesn't care.
they're in costco and people who don't know better will keep buying their products...and then buying again in 2-3 years even if support is difficult or impossible to obtain from indifferent, ignorant and/or hostile employees.
any printer company who cared to build up their reputation and a loyal following to increase market share and beat out hp has a golden window of opportunity.
we say go for it, canon, lexmark, or whoever!!
!
