understand first that a company will only warranty a device for a period of time that is statistically beneficial for them.
in other words, if they find that a large number of their drives start failing after three years, they most likely won't warranty them beyond that three years.
my new fridge (supposedly a 20 year appliance) came with a 1-year warranty.
gives you faith in the quality of manufactured goods these days, doesn't it?
where i'm going with this is the fact that the two biggest manufacturers have their warranty periods at 3 years.
beyond that the failure curves go up to the point where it's not financially feasible to warranty them.
most drives become iffy after 5 years, but as said before by others there are mitigating factors involved.
humidity and temperature.
if either is too high for prolonged periods, the lifespan will decrease.
if the humidity is too low, you have to be more careful about static shocks, but not lifespan.
type of enclosure.
a plastic enclosure insulates the drive and does not allow for heat to be transferred away to the exterior of the enclosure.
the only way around this is to either adequately perforate the enclosure or add a fan.
if either of these cases are present, then you are okay.
a metal enclosure effectively becomes a heatsink for the drive and promotes dissipation as long as the drive touches the enclosure walls.
amount of time run.
if you don't power the drive with each boot of the computer, then its effective lifespan will be longer.
if you run it 24/7 then it won't last as long.
it's kind of like a car in that regard.
in the same vein, if you don't run it at all for long periods of time and the humidity is high, the bearings could rust.
also, if there is a lot of heavy data usage, then it may wear out sooner.
just sitting there spinning is not so bad for it, but if it's clicking and buzzing all the time, then the head arms are what's making that noise and they could wear out sooner.
defragging a drive can help with this type of wear.
all of this boiled down: yes, they do have a lifespan.
yes, you should replace it soon if you want to have a reliable backup.
i replace mine every three years as the warranties expire.
they're cheap enough now that it's not too big of a deal.
i honestly have two forms of backup: periodic dvd backups and a regular hard drive one.
i keep the old ones around for a while, just in case i need a backup.
do not just give the old drive away without making sure you erase and repartition the drive.
if you want to be absolutely sure, then use a data shredder app, erase everything, repartition it, and do a long format.
if disposing of a hard drive, i take the circuit board off the back and recycle it properly, then beat the drive with a sledge hammer.
it's great stress relief.
the reason for this paranoia is that if someone gets a hold of the drive and reconstructs the data, then i might as well just hand them my quicken files in person and say, &quot;here, take it for free!&quot;
