you will see many ideas about this, but the advice we most often give in these forums is this; wherever your original files are, make 3 backup copies of it.
that might seem excessive, but if you only have one copy of it (the original + a copy), then if you lose the original that copy becomes the original and is vulnerable.
having 2 other copies of that file or those files reduces the vulnerability.
if and when one version of the files is lost, (whether the original or any of the copies), create another copy.
why do all this?
hard drives should not be considered as permanent storage because hard drives fail.
you said that you assumed internal hard drives are quite dependable.
yes.
but if you only have the one drive with all of your data that you cannot afford to lose, then if it does fail, you have lost it.
in these forums we see where hard drives fail all the time.
not just drives which have an os (operating system) installed on it, but 2nd and 3rd internals as well as external drives.
my own experience was a couple of years ago.
i have a desktop with 3 drives.
one was a new style ssd, (solid state drive), with vista installed, and the other two were conventional hard drives, the spinning type.
the ssd kept failing for technical reasons, but both hard drives failed within a couple of weeks, and that was on a system less than a year old.
the first failed, and i returned it to the computer maker under warranty and which they replaced, but a week after i got the replacement the other drive failed and i had to return that too.
in my case i was fortunate.
i was using one as 'storage' but treated it only as temporary storage and had backed up the data on it 3 times on other external hard drives.
some would say that even my method is risky and i cannot argue with that.
cds and dvds last longer than hard drives.
i don't use cd/dvd for backups because i would need too many of them.
about your other questions... partitions?
not really needed.
for separating data i just use folders on the one drive and do not partition.
in that instance partitions are just the same as separate folders and there is no benefit.
but the problem with partitioning is that users believe if their hard drive is partitioned and data on one partition becomes corrupt, they still have the other partition.
while that is true they fail to take into account what would happen if the drive fails.
then they lose all partitions.
which software to use for storage/backups?
for personal data like documents, photos, music and videos, no software really.
simply copy those files from the original location to the new backup location.
internal drives may be faster to transfer data to that external drives, but for personal files we don't really need speed, and my own choice is to use external drives as i can put those away in a safe place.
mark
