you are absolutely correct!
my anger came from dell sending me the wrong norton twice.
the first one was recognized by tech #2 as an outdated 3.0 model.
she ordered the current 4.0, but both were for 5 person use in a business instead of one computer home use.
then the rep.added pc tune-up, remotely, which i don't want.
then they charged me for shipping and handling--it wasn't shipped!
it was installed remotely.
add to that the fact that they charged taxes on shipping and handling on everything and they promised to call me within 24 hrs.
and credit my visa within 48 hrs.--didn't happen.
oh yes, i added all the time i spent on the phone with them in a span of 5 days = 23 1/2+ hrs.
with about 7 different tech people.
that's not efficient or effective service from reps from india who were difficult to understand.
i frustrated them by asking for a repeat at various times of what was being said.
after the local installation tech started to walk out the door with the corrupted hard drive, i was notified that i &quot;should have&quot; erased it.
or i can take it to someone locally to have it erased.
non return of corrupted hard drive, as determined by their techs, means i pay for it and i keep it.
they can charge anything they want for this process, as evidenced by............... the first rep. said it would cost me $365 for a years worth of service on software problems.
the 2nd rep. quoted $190 for 5 major calls and unlimited minor calls, so i accepted that offer.
they put a charge of $239 on my visa.
the third rep. said i really should buy a warranty and quoted me $301 for the solutions services that i had already agreed to purchase for $190.
too many price changes tell me it's fraud.
finally, they were to send via e-mail, a label to return the two incorrect nortons---nothing was ever mailed or emailed.
these are the things that are dell's fault!
i sent an email telling them to e-mail the ups label for the nortons, credit my visa within 48 hours for the nortons and the pc tune-up.
no reply to date and the charges are still on my visa.
i will dispute the charges with visa.
and finally, i've spent hours adding back programs and personalizing the computer and now it's freezing and disconnecting from the internet.
