&gt;i burned the iso (image) using nero and it took 35 min&lt; you burned an iso image of what, exactly?
looking at the log file you attached, it looks like you burned 4464mb or about 4.2 gb of data.
at 8x, or about 11mb/s, that would take 406 seconds or about 6.75 minutes.
that's pretty fast.
without knowing how the data was structured, i'd assume the difference in time was consumed in caching the files and building the iso image on the hard disk.
if you were writing a cd, which can hold just 1/7 of the dvd data, it would have completed in about 1/7 of the time.
is that why 38 minutes seems so long?
you want to write 4.2 gb of data in 5 minutes?
you'll have to wait a few years, or spend a lot more money on equipment and you'll still run into some physical constraints.
using a faster dvd writer, and higher speed disks might halve your write time, saving 200 seconds off the 38 minute creation time.
is it worth the higher price of the medium and the risk of a failed write operation?
you assume that just writing files to dvd is the only factor.
creating an image means reading every byte, structuring the image, creating the image track layout and header, writing the data to the hard disk, then transferring it to the dvd.
that's a cpu and disk intensive process.
nero is pretty danged fast already, but the only way to speed the process more, is a to write dedicated, optimized code and run it on a high speed, dedicated system, maybe running a few gb of ram, dual processors and a nice quad sata 300 raid in striped mode.
nero tests your system, and determines the practical maximum data rate.
that includes system bottlenecks you might not recognize as the bus waits for disk i/o and ram.
yes, some people might be able to write disks at 12x or 16 x, but that means the hardware, system and medium are all capable of supporting that speed.
there is no ''cheat'' to enable higher speeds.
nero is designed to give you reliable data writing, which means it selects the safe option, not the fast option.
the memorex 8x medium is fine.
btw - the vendor ''marks'' the maximum reliable speed on the disk.
the dvd writer and nero read that code and respect it.
trying to write to a disk at speeds higher than rated is a recipe for data loss.
it's not worth saving a few seconds at the cost of re-doing the work or losing data.
besides, faster media may not be the issue.
also, there is a concern that faster disks use a more ''volitile'' dye because it can be written to with a briefer laser pulse.
that may mean that long term exposure to heat or other light sources might degrade the data.
i tend to buy and use the most stable media i can get, rather than the fastest.
different manufacturers will certify there disks for longevity, as well as max write speed.
just a thought to consider.
other speed options?
if you don't know about on-the-fly writing and the potential issues, you probably should trust nero's choices.
instead, prep your layout, save the parameters and do your disk writes when the machine is idle, like during lunch hour.
&gt;writing at 16x cav.
what does the cav stand for?&lt; don't confuse cd speeds and dvd speeds.
a cd reads data at 150kb/s at 1x, sufficient for an audio stream.
a dvd reads at about 1.3 mb/s (1,352kb/s) or about 9x faster, to accomodate the base video data rate.
if you are burning a dvd at 16x cav, that's around 21.6 mb/s, which is faster than many hard disks ran, just a few years ago.
cav means constant angular velocity.
that means it spins at a constant rotational speed.
some devices vary the speed so they maintain a constant linear velocity (clv) as the head's radius position changes.
for more info, please see osta.org  or see cdrinfo for guides, faqs & reviews  and read the nero dvd faqs at nero.com or  hope this helps -- toms ------------------------------------------ burning speed am newbie to burning dvds.
i just bought the nec nd3550a burner.
so far i have burned 6 cds and dvds with no coasters.
i have been burning a iso image to memorex 8x disks.
i know i must get better quality discs but i am just learning about burning and media.
now i burned the iso using nero and it took 35 min.
i wanted to try to burn at 12x or 16x but i could not.
i have read on the net that people using 8x media can burn at 12x and 16x.
the highest nero will let me burn the disc is 8x.
on top of the spec sheet for my burner it says ide/atapi ultra mode compatible.
then it states dvd+r,-r writing at 16x cav.
what does the cav stand for?
here is my log from the burn.
thanks for any help i get.
