you didn't say much about it except that it is currently connected to one of your computers via usb.
do you know if it could be connected via an ethernet cable?
if you don't know, perhaps you could tell us the brand and model and who your adsl provider is - a we can look up the specs.
my concern is this - there are a few cable modems/ dsl modems/ satellite receivers that connect to the user's computer via usb only.
others with usb capability also have an ethernet output (but must be used either/or, not both ports).
the problem is that there aren't any mainstream wireless broadband routers that accept a usb input; they all require ethernet input from the broadband modem.
if your adsl modem is in the first category i mentioned - usb only - then you will need to &quot;negotiate&quot; with your dsl service provider for a new modem that has an ethernet output.
if your current modem is an either/or (but you just happen to be using the usb side so that you could share the internet the other computer via internet connection sharing on the main computer and a simple crossover cable to the second computer) then you are good to go.
get a wireless router, connect it to the modem via ethernet cable, connect the wired computers to it via more ethernet cables, set up the wireless configuration on the laptop, and use the usb cable for something else.
regarding the adsl modem being able to operate without a computer - yes, they all can operate without a computer.
the issue that you may be thinking of is pppoe authentication and login.
if your service is pppoe-based, then there must be a pppoe client somewhere immediately upstream from the modem.
in a single computer setup, the client would be a software utility that loads and logs on when you boot.
in a multi-computer setup with a router, the router itself has the client built into its firmware.
when you set up the router, you enable the pppoe client in a checkbox on the setup screen, put in your account id and password, and from now on the router does it all.
you then have to uninstall/disable the old pppoe client on the main system (as you can't have both clients trying to open a connection).
hth, dw
