as a parent, i prefer not to have video game consoles in my house - too many issues.
the ps2 is at the older brother's house, not mine - he just visits.
i'm not a total grinch - i will let the boys have a few games since they want them so bad, but only on a computer where i have more control.
besides, i bought a nice tv for the family room because i want to watch a movie or the news in the evening - not level 5 of dragonslayer xv.
i'm asking about the &quot;realistic&quot; system requirements because i don't play games or know anyone else that does.
i need help with what is a useable low level system these days, because i haven't used something less than a powerhouse for the past decade.
what i need for gis applications is extreme overkill for surfing the web or word processing.
my problem with $299 computers?
- probably nothing for a knowledgable user like on this board, but they are advertised towards the first time buyer/novice user, who often gets taken advantage of when they go to the store to get it.
i've heard the same story too many times from my freshman students, and especially elderly friends and family members.
bait and switch - advertise a very low price machine and sell an expensive one.
if it is a useable out of the box system they only have extremely limited numbers in stock with no rainchecks, or if in stock, it is most often a stripped down machine that requires an additional $500+ to be min.
functional.
if you understand what comes (or doesn't come) with a $299 system they can be great deals for the knowledgeable.
i'm upset that salesmen pounce on the gulliable first time buyer who comes in thinking they are going to walk out the door with a brand new $300 computer fully loaded and ready to go and either steer them to a much more expensive system (usually put on a store branded credit card at 24.9% interest)which is what happens to my students, or sell them expensive monitors, keyboards, printers, etc and unneeded peripherals and software .
last spring salesmen at one of the big elecronics stores convinced my widowed neighbor that she had to have an expensive monitor, joysticks and gamepads, wireless everything, wireless networking, etc - oh -and of course the $299 system couldn't take the network,video, and sound cards she &quot;had to&quot; have, so she ended up with an upgraded system suitable for a serious gamer - all because she mentioned her grandkids visit at the holidays.
basically they sold her the system they wanted.
thousands of wasted dollars for a little 69 y.o.
grandmother, first time user, who wanted to be able to receive email from her family,print photographs, and look up medical information on the web.
the real kicker - when she got concerned about the escalating price - they threw in a &quot;free&quot; printer - which is absolutely lousy at both text and color printing.
yes, probably one of her kids (500 miles away) should have gone with her, but i resent the fact that novice computer users, who often have the least money to waste, are misled by ads in newspaper flyers and fall prey to these shady practices.
some of these guys give used car salesmen a run for their money.
