how often you plan to upgrade.
if the answer is every 1-2 years, i'd go for the ''just enough'' option to get most bang for your bucks and upgrade the system as your needs grow.
if you don't want to upgrade until your system is obsolete, buy the newest, fastest and most powerful technology you can afford and pray the sofware will still support reasonably new software (or you don't need new programs) till the end of your machines life.
if you plan to use your machine for college or work, ask from your organisation/teachers what software do you need, as this should help you to determine at least the minimum specs.
students often qualify for discounts and your work place might have a similar discount or financing scheme; there's no harm asking.
my pentium 2 runs all the office software and many other programs sold still in 2000 (and few even now): i don't need most of the functions of the newer versions and don't see why i should pay for them - most of my programs are free, older versions of the same, curtesy of magazine disks.
the programs are often easier to learn because they are simpler, compared to their bloated upgrades.
like always, its not what you've got but what you do with it that matters - at least this is true most of the time.
my driving teacher said that he buys a new car every year: that way he pays only a little extra money each time, after selling his ''old'' one.
i suppose same logic can be applied for computers, only the return for a few months old computer is most likely less: new computer technology becomes an old hat very rapidly and only the rich and obsessive gamers buy the newest hardware.
granted, some professionals do make use of very powerful, maybe specialised technology (engineers, architects, designers, special effects guys) but they often get tax relief and other benefits through their comapny.
computers have become so powerful that us lesser mortals are hard pressed to utilise it all.
if you plan to buy a laptop, remember that some of the components are not upgradeable as easily as a pc or not at all.
although the same principle of frequency of upgrade versus cost applies, there are also other things to consider, like battery life and portablility.
