wow quite a bit of activity here lately... this'll be a conglomeration post with response to bits and pieces from all the new posts.
just so you knwo... first off the only thing i was going to integrade from an older system was the floppy drive and maybe a super old cd-rom for just cd playing capacity and use the dvd-rw for most of my aps that would need any speed until later when adding in a 48xcd-rw or the like... as for mobo's initially i just looking at an intel 915p, but when looking into the amd route i'm thinking a msi k8n neo platnium.
thought the nforce 4 ultra chipset looked pretty good.
actually the system you picked out was pretty similar to what i was looking at save for the 6600 instead of the 6800, the 2 hd's, and the cpu speed.
what i'm planning is for the most part to do what i did with my current system.
buy it and run it til the new tech software needs more than it as a min then upgrade/get a new one.
i havent added a thing to my p3 system that i got several years ago... oh and i noticed the hd's were oem.
is it better to go that way and then have to get all the cables too or go retail and get all the cables?
currently i'm looking at a seagate 7200 160gig sata for $139 retail.
what i originally had in mind was get a single one of those and have it partitioned into a 2-3 drives.
one for os install, one for my mp3 collection and other doc type files adn the final one for other apps.
so something like a 15/15/130 split or something.
the idea of a 10k drive is eomewhat intriging though.
would it be worth it to go 10k or would i only notice the difference if i was used to running 7.2 k drives?
virus scaner was going to continue using avg 7 free... been using it so that seems to work fine.
as for monitor, i use a corner desk actually so as far as i'm concerned it can stick out almost as far as it needs to so that's not an issue.
i've got a 17&quot;crt right now which is fine but i figured if i was going to update the whole comp why not go up in size with the mon too.
read somewhere that the refresh rate of the 19&quot; is more likely to be easier on the eyes than most 17&quot; crts... anyhow that was my thiking there... umm, someone brought up the lack of a gameport.
there's only a couple apps that it would at all hurt.
i do have an old sidewinder joystick but also have the usb converter for it so i can use it that way.
the only bad part about that is that i lose functionality of a button, but that app is falcon 4.0. when i add the audigy 2 in i'm pretty sure that would ahve the gameport that i'd need if it was really an issue.
i would imagine too that there's some sort of a converter out there for usb anyway.
as to not needing a fast system because of a lack of broadband, where's the balence there?
obviously my current one (733) isnt sufficient anymore, but if i'm looking for example at a 3500+ (or similar 939pin cpu), would that be overkill for the current gen of games and the early next gen of games, or should i scale back to a 2800+ or so just because i lack a broadband connection?
motherboard makers: aside from the features put in and what chipset is used how to you tell who's good and who's not?
that's the one of the few things i havent quite been able to catch onto yet.
gigabyte, asus, abit, and msi seem to be the ones i see the most of but how do you tell who's better when they're based on the same chipset to start with?
all the boards i'm looking at currently had pci-express support so that's another thing that has driven the cost upward somewhat.
a 6800gt being $500 instead of $400 for the agp 8x... as for overclocking; i wasnt planning on doing any.
maybe at most 10% but for the most part i was going to run the components at spec.
been interested in overclocking but havent quite been able to understand how it's done so at the moment the plan isnt to do any.
another thing i've debated about was waiting on the audigy 2 and utilizing the built in sound for a while so i could cut a corner there adn knock off another $120 to use elsewhere or soemthing like that.
os: never really considered media center as i dont know that much about it.
far as i'm concered a standard win interface will do fine.
i dont need any special build in media players or anything as i plan on installing the ones i currently use once built.
plus having xp pro does give me the flexability if i do go to a broadband eventually to have some addit'l firewall; least that's what i've heard.
couple that wit the nforce 4 chipset and it's something that mihgt not be used but would at least be available.
why should i consider mc?
i've also looked quite a bit into prebuild and custon built ones but price wise it alwatys ends up being close to if not more expensive than just doing it myself.
side note; who all is reputable enough to do business with?
i've been pleased with newegg and tigerdirect but aside from those 2 dont know enough about other sellers.
found tigerdirect from a friends mag and newegg was a message board reccomend.
by comparison newegg is the better priced; plus i like the quick ship time
