have you considered building your own?
i've been in a similar position as yourself over the last couple of years.
in the past i always ended up just buying a new machine.
i think i was averaging about 3-5 years per machine.
but in december of 2003 i didn't want to drop another thousand and purchase a whole new system.
i just wanted to upgrade one part.
unfortunately on many entry priced systems the configuration is fairly limited in upgrade paths.
so i sat about building my own system.
it's really not that complicated and you can save a bundle of money not to mention having total control over what components go in your system.
many manufactures keep their price points low by offering cheaply priced components in their systems.
for me, i will not be soon going back to buy another &quot;system&quot; when i can build one better and cheaper.
while i understand that for the majority of computer users building their own sounds intimidating and maybe even a little ridiculous, in your post you mentioned that you've already worked on repairing your own laptop, so maybe this would be a good time to try something different.
a website that i found extremely encouraging and helpful was:  their are dozens of others but i refered to this website alot.
just to get an idea of the how much you can save compare the cost of just a hard drive from either newegg.com or mwave.com to compusa or worst yet best buy.
one last thing, have you noticed how when you buy a new computer they list the specifications (i.e 150 gig hard drive) but rarely the brand?
and when you look at computer component reviews its always by brand.
side note: my last mass produced computer system was a dell.
dell designed their system to accomodate one and only hard drive.
when i wanted to upgrade the system with a larger hard drive their solution was that i would need to purchase from them a &quot;special&quot; bracket that cost about 40 bucks.
keep in mind such a bracket is unecessary as most cases come with drive brackets already and its just a matter of sliding the hard drive into another slot.
