hey stan.
i personally have built my own computer and bought from a major oem.
i actually found that building your own computer was quite a bit cheaper and not to say the least...fun.
you have the ability to buy parts at the cheapest prices from verified resellers such as newegg.com and zipzoomfly.com.
if you dont decide to purchase parts online, you can shop in your local store and look for sales.
besides, it's a great feeling to put all your components together and have your system work lol.
one thing to watch out for is bad parts.
if you buy online, then you have to go through the whole process of sending the parts back, and they will often charge you a small fee.
if you buy from stores such as fry's electronics, best buy, compusa, etc.
then the process is simplified quite a bit.
you have stated that your computer is 3 years old.
what are the current specifications of your computer?
for example, the cpu that you would like rated at 1.3 ghz may not be compatible with your current motherboard etc.
in addition, you have to make the choices between major brands such as intel and amd.
weigh your choices and choose.
you currently dont know what ram to get.
there are different types of ram such as rdram, sdram, ddr sdram etc.
these days, ddr ram is pretty cheap as well as sdram.
you have to know what your motherboard supports before you go off and buy new ram.
i suggest that either 256 or 512 mb of ram would be enough for your everyday applications.
what do you plan to use your computer for?
if for example, you just need it to do the basics of word processing and spreadsheets then you wont need top of the line components.
if you game or run graphic intensive programs, think about buying higher end components and more memory.
when you buy an optical drive such as a dvd/dvd burner/cd burner, then the minimum speficiations are generally located on the box.
i personally think that you should drop windows me as it has shown a great deal of instability, however, some people like that os.
i hope i have helped you stan.
if not, turn to the other users of this board.
