intel p4 cpus have a build-in temp sensor above any system sensors.
the fact that the cpu gets turned-on sets the cpu at a level from x-degress above that int.
rating, thus the fan kicks-on to high rate then settles as the difference is less of the rate its suppose to turn on at, throttles down.
when cold, it starts to heat-up quickly and it senses that, thus usually for many an oem system, its high fan rpm time.
this all int.
to the cpu and no user action is desired or required.
if the case gets hot later or remains at a hot level, then consider the cooling of the case.
this in turn allows the airflow to come into play.
thus frt.
panel air inlets and fans exhasuting int.
air creates the airflow.
a good airflow system maybe defeated by &quot;objects&quot; in the air path to include cables/harness, devices, cards, or too small of a case.
however, since most system are &quot;air cooled&quot; y fans and multiple ones at that, it does get noisy.
further, i don't see many makers using pricey less noisy fans.
but high rpm fans will make noise.
as for auto reboots, that's an item to consider.
but think if the system remains on the damage is far greater from heat stress and/or possible fire, thus the auto &quot;shutdown&quot; rather than a reboot.
i had this happen during electric storms, etc.
and/or lose power or be intermittent and have the system reboot then before it finishes loses power again.
i have not noticed this before as i was always gone, but when i saw it, entered the bios to enable &quot;shutdown&quot; rather than reboot during system failure.
as for your psu fan, if that's an issue and possible problem then maybe its the root cause.
because the psu fan is the primary exhaust for heat build-up.
its not entirely unusual to have a bad psu over the life of the system, but in such a short time, that's not good.
in either case, if you feel its warrants support then do note down all actions for such.
repeated repairs/fixes is a reason for warranty being granted.
tada -----willy
