last month my six-year-old sons hand-me-down pc started beeping continuously when powered on and then shut itself down in about 5 seconds.
we did the following troubleshooting: checked all connections and found them to be tight and sound.
took off-line, one at a time, the cd-rom, floppy, and hard drives.
replaced with known working versions the power supply, sound and video cards, and ram.
we had the same problem after each step.
over the course of the next two weeks i tried booting up several times, but each time the immediate shutdown occurred.
we unplugged the pc from the power source for about ten days.
i was then able to boot up with no problem and it ran happily for about 3 or 4 hours.
when i rebooted, it began to power up but again shut down in 5 seconds.
(i was not able to replicate this behavior by leaving it unplugged overnight.)
no hardware or software changes had been made, nor were there any apparent symptoms prior to the problem.
since we live in south florida, we have frequent power outages and brownouts.
the climate and our three cats make overheating a constant menace, but we saw no visible evidence of any.
the heatsink looks fine; its fan works, as does the cpu cooler and the case fan.
although it was custom-built, this is now a spare pc and i dont want to invest any more than necessary to keep it running.
our son uses it for games and educational software.
there is no internet connection, not even a modem installed, and it is virus-free.
the process of elimination would seem to indicate motherboard and/or chipset, but i wanted some input before buying something we may not need.
i may be overlooking something obvious.
if we do need, i would appreciate any suggestions for a low-cost replacement for this system configuration.
the pc is running windows 98se.
specs: amd athlon-pecm, 908 mhz asus a7v133 (5 pci, 1 agp pro, 1 amr, 3 sdr dimm) chipset - via vt8363a apollo kt133a 256 mb (sdram) award medallion bios(06/06/01) video adapter - asus agp-v7100 sdram v5.33a 3d accelerator - nvidia geforce2 mx/mx 400 acerview 7133s creative sb pci512 sound card promise ultra100 ide controller thanks, rmck
