hi all, its been close to 3 years sinse i built my last computer and i need to know a few things about the current technology available so i thought i would ask in these forums.
the main game that i will be playing when i get the computer will be supreme commander but i would like the computer to be able to play some of the latest games for a few years.
i have a lot of questions below, if anyone could answer 1-2 of them it would be greatly appreciated.
dont feel obligated to answer them all at once thnx.
1.)
i was thinking of putting my os and games on a wd raptor 150gb, is it a waste of money doing this?
will the os and games run quicker or just load quicker.
2.)
i keep hearing people mention raid0 or raid5, what are these?
3.)
iv heard people say that if your spending a lot on a graphics card then you should have a good monitor also.
why does it make any difference?
i currently have a 17 tft monitor made by optronix, if i need to upgrade im considering: 22'' xerox xm3-9wb widescreen tft.
but if it makes no difference ill stick with this one.
4.)
ageia physx physics processing unit - i read a bit about these, they make your games look more realistic.
should i get one?
i cant find them on  which is the website ill be purchasing hardware from.
5.)
can you have duel monitors with 2 different sizes/makes?
6.)
i heard nvidia 8800 is the best gfx card atm.
is it worth paying an extra 100 for a 8800gtx 768mb or stick with 8800gts 640mb?
7.)
i have a copy of xp home edition.
when i get my new computer, should i be buying windows vista basic, or just stick with xp home?
what are the real differences that will affect me as a gamer?
8.)
am i wasting my money buying a duel core, when quad cores are out?
if someone could help me choose a processor i would appreciate it as im not too keen on spending 600 on a processor if the computer will only last 2 years in terms of playing the lastest games like the one im using now did, i also dont really want to pay an extra 100 for an extra 20mhz or anything like that.
&#61514; thnx for reading, and if anyone can help, it would be greatly appreciated.
