sorry to be gone but had to replace the starter on my custom pickup.
first: one of those things that go bump in the night - well, there are little munchkins that roam around and love to mess with systems.
you shut down at night and in the am when u boot - something doesnt work !?!
- - sometimes when i boot (i use windows clasic for my screen setup) i get win xp style and have to change it back.
or - the hard drive died in its sleep - just little things hahahahha to answer the why defrag - in case the hd was big enuf to do a partion to copy all the stuff to, like now.
but, there isnt enuf room to mess with that - so - we wait on the new hd.
i gave u some sample prices of ext hd's to give u a selection based on how much time u want to take to get it.
newegg is a quick shipper and ebay - probably cheaper but u have to wait till bidding ends unless u do a buynow and then its a week till u receive.
never buy hd's used from ebay !
!
!
so far, u have a working computer that u can continue writeing on and what we need is to clean it up when u can do a backup.
the investment on the ext hd is good even if u were to buy a new pc.
or - u can simply get another internal hd and use that one.
its what i have done for a couple decades.
stand back cause i can already hear the keyboards from others that willsay this is not a good idea, but, logic and simplicity has worked for me for 22 years.
yup - started with pc's even b4 that - 1979. i have (since multi hd's could be used) always used 2 or 3 hd's.
i curr.
have 2 120's - each partitioned in 3's the c: is only for windows - so i can always reinstall and not be too messed up.
things like corel wp will still need to be re-setup and can be done from the hd folder.
that way it can re-register itself into windows.
butl - all the programs are always there as is data - just take the time to redirect the save to a folder not in c: my backups all go to drive f: - the last part.
on drive 2. if drive 1 goes out i can be up and runing withing min of installing the new hd.
you have my email addr that i gave u earlier.
if u have q on anything after u get ur hd - i be there lol anything i miss answering ?
?
any quest.
at this point ?
?
ted
