i checked, and no current thread seems to address this issue.
in less than a year, i had a seagate 500 gb 3.5&quot; drive fail.
it wasn't a hardware fault, it was the controller board.
the drive was being used externally and naked so ventilation was not an issue.
ironically, the failure happened while it was holding three other disc-images while those discs were being reformated for new systems, and recovery software doesn't like ntfs.
once it was replaced, i salvaged what i could from the other drives and having a network was able to rebuild much information from other machines.
video files?
who cares, i can always rip them again.
now a western digital 1 tb drive has done exactly the same thing--again losing a laptop image during a rebuild, and again it's the controller board.
i know that mechanical tolerances are very tight on these drives, but it wasn't mechanical failure--it was the logic board!
having drives that have remained stable for more than 10 years (i know they're only supposed to hold out for five), it leaves me stunned that neither of these drives lasted one year.
i also know that the quality of differing brands comes and goes--quantum used to build drives that could be dropped 1m (3+ feet) while running without sustaining any damage.
that's not the case any more.
fujitsu had the brilliant idea of introducing glass platters so that a headcrash scratched the glass, not the data--great idea except that they suffered from platter-shatter when cranked up to speed.
i have other seagate drives that have way outlived their usefulness and are still running fine and i'm sure there are a couple of wdw in the pile as well.
can other people advise from their experience which of the current brands/models on the market have a proven customer experience reliability factor rather than just the manufacturer specs?
this means, multiple power on/off cycles when being moved around for backup/restore purposes, and the ability to run &quot;server style&quot; for &lt;2 years without power down.
or am i seriously better off buying 1 dozen 100 gb drives, raiding them and copping a huge electricity bill?
