fortunately for me, i subscribe to several major computer magazines.
these are pc world, pc magazine, computer shopper, and maximum pc.
all of these have websites which can be accessed by anyone.
all of them provide computer reviews, ratings, and recommendations.
over the years, i've stuck to buying several of the major brands: ibm (now lenovo, gateway, hp, emachines, apple, and dell.
some of the reasons for my choices are, of course, the stability of these firms and the warranties.
i'm sure there are some off brands which are just as good or even better, however, always check them out to find out if they are reputable and if they will provide warranties and tech services that are reliable.
you may wish to wait a while for microsoft's latest os vista to hit the market.
at this point, it makes little sense to buy into winxp as this will eventually be phased out.
my first choice would be an amd dual core processor followed by an intel dual core.
right now, based on benchmark tests, amd holds an edge over intel, but this may change in the near term so pay attention to their latest product offerings.
check out the major magzines mentioned as they do the benchmark tests.
i believe that you are probably going to want a computer in the midlevel range, probably around $1,000 or above.
most computers in this price range meet your requirements.
i've seen some excellent buys at costco, and every now and then, they have coupon specials, and costco's online website will offer dell with some decent specials with discounts.
costco will take back computers, even after six months of usage, so this is one the better reasons i buy from costco.
if price is a major concern, costco also offers refurbished computers, and you may pick up one of these at a price you can afford.
you will also get some good buys either at bestbuy or circuit city.
cc's website has buyer reviews and ratings which are very helpful.
they all carry the major brands, and many times, they can beat costco on price.
so, when you zero in on a particular computer, just check which one has the better price, if that is a major concern.
