to make a long story short i recently recovered a 40 gig hdd that i stupidly tried to download linux mandrake to a dos partition.
i tried to fix it in dos but it created a 3rd partition and dos fdisk didn't want no part of that.
so, i thought the drive was dead.
thanks to a recent purchase of partition magic 8 i was able to delete the partitions and work from there.
i also found out i could of done this with xp's disk.
my problem now is i disconnected my 60 gig maxter to protect it, and inserted my new recovered 40 gig western digital as master and loaded a dual boot of xp and linux mandrake.
after i finally got everything running right i hooked up my maxtor as master, which read secondary master and the west.
dig.
as slave which read as secondary slave.
i booted up in hdd-o through my firmware or bios and right away went to check all the drives and it showed my drives mixed up.
so i ran partition magic and found out my storage drive of 20 gigs of saved stuff,programs,music movies and documents, the drive read unallocated.
my heart raced and i about died because about 5 years worth of important stuff had been lost.
so i ran partition magic and thankfully i was able to recover the drive.
i tried to do a backup then and it read 7 days and 14hrs.
to backup.
i didn't have the time or that many disks so i went to reboot and went into my bios and swithed to hdd-1 and checked out my xp/linux dual boot and everything was fine so went back to hdd-0 and tried to bood and it said i had a corrupted boot file.
something like system32.dll boot file has been deleted or corrupt.
please reinstall the file.
yeah right!
so i unhooked hdd-1 and reloaded xp and everything is fine on that drive.
what did i do wrong?
this sequence worked before until i loaded mandrake on the dos partition.
i read in an earliar discussion that involved proffitt about master/slave vs. cable select.
what should i do and how can i tell if i have a cable select ribbon cable?
also my west.
dig.
40 gig hdd reads as 57,500mb the same as my 60 gig maxtor.
is there a way to fix that?
sorry this wasn't so short!
skip
