i am no real expert but i've just been thru this so i thought i'd give you my 2 cents, re: the router, my big mistake was misunderstanding which ethernet jack was in and which was out, as they are often right all in a row.
that stuff usually works right off.
if not, one trick is to reboot the modem and router: unplug, wait 30 seconds (why i don;t know- i wait 3) plug back in, and give it a few min.
re: setting up a home netowrk, here is what 5 books did not tell me: assuming both comps are on the net, this very important: 1) create a user account on each computer that is identical in name and password to the other.
when you create the account, add it to a workgroup.
you need to name the workgoup the same on each machine too.
this too is real important.
2) i am not sure but i think the accounts need a password.
i was hoping to avoid this but apparently not.
2a you may need to set the thing to ask for passwords.
go to system/ users and passwords.
it's a checkbox.
note this was a win2k thing.
3) using windows explorer, (not ie), right click on folders you want to share, click properties, and click on share/ sharing and make them shared.
4if you have a firewall (i have zone alarm) you need to add the network to the trusted zone.
my system: start run type cmd, in the dos window type ipconfig.
you will see your ip number, &quot;add&quot; that to your list of trusted zone comps.
5) note if all your machines are xp, there is a network setup wizard you can use.
you need to burn a disk or have a thumb drive to xfer stuff to other comps.
i had win2k so couldn't use it.
bear in mind, i played around with passwords yesterday and now nothing works, but i had it up and running for a day.
this is just what seemed to work for me, it's still a blur.
if any experts care to correct me feel free.
once done, click on start network places, you'll see menu options to click on, one will take you to your network group.
if all you see is printers and faxes you dind't enable sharing.
good luck-- fj
