&quot;actual speed will vary&quot;.
this is a direct quote from cox communications, who provides cable-based internet in my city (wichita, ks).
i graduated from college with a degree in computer science, including (of course not limited to) courses in a+ (hardware/software), n+ (networking), and windows 2000 professional/advanced server.
broadband was covered in n+ extensively and also some in 2000 pro/server.
you have one statement yourself that is &quot;bogus&quot;.
&quot;both methods share bandwidth&quot; is not true.
cable does, dsl doesn't.
that is why cox says &quot;actual speed may vary&quot;, they can't guarantee any speed (call your cable provider, tell them you want guaranteed speeds, and see how hard they laugh.
go ahead, it will make their day).
with dsl, you buy a package of a given guaranteed speed for a certain price.
here's why cable can't guarantee speed; they put you into a network with (in my town) around fifty other subscribers.
you share your bandwidth with all of them.
if nobody else in your &quot;network&quot; is online, you will get the maximum speed (around 3 or 4 mbps).
but woe if you all get online at once!!
it will be slower than dial-up.
that's why cox gives no speed guarantees, and all cable companies operate the same way.
dsl is different in that my bandwidth is my bandwidth.
if my neighbor is using dsl and is online at the same time, it will not slow my connection or download speed one bit.
the only way dsl &quot;shares bandwidth&quot; is the way we are all sharing bandwidth right now.
as i am on the internet using the server that keeps the internet operating, i am &quot;sharing&quot; bandwidth will all other internet users.
but no, dsl's structure (i would get &quot;geek&quot; all over you if i went into detail about it) keeps one's bandwidth from fluctuating just because other people are using the same isp.
if a bunch of people either from one isp or from all isp's are accessing the same website, or something like that, then the speed will go down.
but you still aren't sharing your bandwidth.
as far as hosting a website, you are now talking about having static ip addresses.
one guy in networking class was talking about setting up a website to sell stuff, instead of using e-bay.
he checked with cox, and the price for static ip's were too much (i don't remember the exact price, but like $100 a month more).
he ended up getting dsl, and received 5 ip's for less than what cox wanted for one.
that may be what the deal is with cable not allowing you to run a mail server as well (some cable companies won't even give static ip's).
the one's that do allow it may force you to pay extra for it, too.
what it all boils down to is do you want &quot;blazing fast sometimes/slow as a turtle other times&quot; speed, or do you want fast speed consistently within a 200-300 kbps range?
me?
i am running basic dsl, which is 384 kbps guaranteed.
i frequently check my speed at  and am coming up with speeds 1200-1300 kbps because i am only about six blocks from the telco's central office.
my downloads at most sites usually download around 1.4 mbps, so i'm happy.
btw, i have had dsl for five years now.
out of the fourteen guys in networking class and pro/server(including the instructor, who already had dsl), all but two had switched to dsl by the end of class, including four that switched from cable (the other two lived too far from town to get anything other than satellite--don't do that, it totally sucks due to inconsistent speeds).
the books didn't do anything but give the structure and design of the two, and let us decide for ourselves what the best is.what do conclusion do you think we came up with?
i guess it shows, huh?
