you mention that ibm's were the only ones you had trouble with.
let me say that as i have grown with the industry, i have found that seagate drives were troubled through out the years.
it seems that has been pretty well resolved.
western digital and maxtor had their times with series of bad products.
i think though over the years i found fujitsu to be one of the most reliable brands.
brands that no longer exist like, miniscribe, conner, quantum, and micropolis, were troublesome brands.
conner was frequently dedicated to designs specifically for compaq machines, so when you tried to use them in other machines, problems occurred.
a reference i found as follows, may help establish the list you seek:  for the full article.
randy here is the current list of top brands, and worst drive models.
this is based on the models we see the most, and conversely the drives we see the least.
we are in no way paid to recommend any particular brand or another.
this is merely a statistical analysis based on the numbers of drives we see come through our doors for drive failure and data recovery.
in no way does this guarantee that the top listed drive won't fail tomorrow or that what we feel is the worst one won't last you many years.
this is really just a very simple guide for you to use in making a good decision about what drive to buy or to stay away from!
if you continue reading, you will find my own diatribe about the latest in the industry and a few things you may or may not be aware of.
top brands: 1 being best 1. seagate (models since 1998 only) cheaply made, but getting much better.
i never thought i would be putting seagate back on the top of the list but.... seagate now has the fewest failures of all the drives made now.
they do make cheap consumer models, but they also have a much better line of drives that cost a little more.
your drive, is not the item you want to try to save a buck on!
2. ibm - notebook and desktop drives.
there are issues with electro-mechanical failures and or head crash on their high speed ide drives 40gb or greater.
the 40, 45, 60 and 75 gb drives are really starting to go bad now, especially the drives manufactured in late 2000 and all of 2001. these can go without warning, so please keep them backed up!
we have been seeing a lot of the 75gb drives come in now as well as the 45's and 60's.
there is a class action lawsuit ongoing about the 75gb drives.
a new development.. hitachi has recently purchased 70% of the ibm hard drive division.
i can't wait to see how many of these we get in the future!
( hitachi is known for failures).
yet another thorn in the side of the consumer!
i should mention that their scsi line of drives is a good product still.
3. fujitsu (desktop drives only) their 10, 15, 20 and 30gb desktop models have been failing left and right with either servo loss or electronic failure.
notebook drives are only so-so but are no longer manufactured.
they have had so many returned drives, that they have stopped making drives all together.
4. maxtor (we are seeing more and more of these as failed) see below.
you get what you pay for.
do not use these in server or business applications!
if you do, keep them backed up like there is no tomorrow!
these are consumer drives only!
5. toshiba (notebook drives only).
good engineering!
generally good all the way around, but can develop bad heads in some models.
as always, just keep it backed up.
6. quantum.
has had a bad batch of drives with a defective chip incl.
the fireball cx,la,lb,lc and kx series.
maxtor now owns quantum (got them at a good price too!).
we have been seeing a large number of the quantum asxxxx series drives come in with missing outer servo, especially the 40gb drives, similar to the problem fujitsu has.
this is an unrecoverable situation!
beware.
8. samsung also known as trigem in e-machines (inexpensive, you get what you pay for!)
cheaply made, consumer use only but do a religious backup!
7. western digital (they still haven't learned, their drives are still failing left and right).
cheaply made.
especially the 'eb' series.
the 20gb ab and eb series are horrible.
again, i urge you not to use these in business applications.
these have servo problems too which are starting to surface.
worst models ever: 1 being worst 1. western digital ac1xxx, ac2xxx and ac3xxx series except ac31000 (prone to severe head crash).
2. quantum bigfoot series (any model) prone to many severe failures.
cheap drives that never should have been made.
these were used heavily by compaq, to keep their costs down!
3. quantum fireball cx,cr,la,lb,lc,kx all have defective spin chips and will fail without warning!
quantum was bought by maxtor 07-01.
4. conner cfs850a and cfs1275a (some of the most rma'd drives of all time).
5. hitachi notebook drives of any kind (almost always head crash or lose servo or suffer from misalignment) don't use them!
if you have to, backup!
used exclusively (because they got a good deal) by dell!
if you order a dell, request a different drive or go elsewhere.
6. fujitsu notebook drives of any kind are prone to head crash, desktop drives are bad now too, sorry.
again, they have stopped making drives and now barely support what is left out there.
7. samsung drives of any kind (either head crash, or stiction (heads stick to the platters)) cheaply manufactured.
8. toshiba mk2103mav and mk2101man 2.5&quot; drives (prone to severe head crash, heavily rma'd) 9. nec drives of any kind (poor engineering causes many failures, no longer making desktop drives) 10. jts any model (prone to head crash, cheap drives, now out of business) 11. maxtor 7850, 71336, 71260, 72004 (all had defective head stops, heads fly off platters and break off) 12. maxtor 10gb, 20gb, 30gb any model are crashing at an alarming rate!
severe electrical problems as well.
these are consumer drives at best.
back them up now!
do not use for business applications.
13. seagate elite 9gb scsi (poor engineering promotes severe head crash).
14. seagate 32140a (prone to severe head crash, heavily rma'd drive).
15. seagate 5xxx series (prone to head crash and or broken head wires).
16. micropolis (almost always head crash, what else is new?
they have been out of business now for 5 years).
mark cooper president drive service company the data recovery specialists!
e-mail: mark@driveservice.com
