&quot;it was recently brought to my attention that my computer will not boot up windows xp.
instead, i am prompted with a message saying something along the lines of &quot;system32 is missing or corrupted - please insert win xp disc to [try] repair file&quot;.
the problem is; my disc drive is buggered.
i can easily get a new one, but will the new disc drive work if win xp isn't booting up?
don't i need to install drivers?
how is that going to be possible?&quot; hello, unfortunately files in that folder can become corrupted or missing.
your system may have suffered a system error recently or a key dll, etc is simply gone.
have you checked your bios to determine if your optical drive is configured and recognized properly?
make sure your ide or sata cabling is correct along with the jumpers on your optical drive.
with pnp, your windows os should read the drive without the use of drivers other than the drivers that windows provides.
you could check the manufacturers website for new firmware for your drive.
or your drive simply doesn't function any longer and needs to be replaced.
replace it with a pnp and bios compatible os.
it should be recognized and configured without you installing a driver.
make sure your jumpers and cabling are also correct.
windows does have a recovery console embedded on the xp cd.
from there, you can type in commands like dos, to troubleshoot.
you can do a google search for command prompt commands or type help in the cmd.
you can see if hidden system files will do the trick.
given that error message is not directly related to system file errors, why not try it?
you could copy those system files from your c: root directory, on a floppy or usb or cd from another pc.
you can even copy another version of your os windows32 directory.
if its a common xp professional or home wins32 message, your system should boot successfully with those files.
if not, its specific and tougher to fix that way.
maybe you should go into safe mode and system restore to an earlier time or use a third party software like erd that has windows directories and other utilities.
good luck.
