if you simply copy everything, including windows, from your backup to your hard disk containing your freshly installed windows, you probably will get your old windows back including the error.
all you can copy to a removable hard disk is data, not programs, not windows.
unless you want to restore to exactly the same situation as you had, but i'm sure you don't want that, because it would restore the error also (most likely outcome, anyway).
one simple question: did you or did you not what's mentioned in  (the article that bob recommended some 10 times).
if you did, did it help?
if you didn't, why didn't you?
ok, this are 3 questions.
but they are rather simple.
other reasons, by the way, why your proposed procedure won't work: - you can't install windows on an external drive - you can't use pc relocator to copy data to an external hard drive (read the review  ) - you shouldn't format a drive you wish to install windows on, but rely on windows xp setup to do so and finally - you can't use pc relocator to copy data back from an external hard disk let me recap: - your problem is your cd doesn't work.
the hardware is ok, so it's a windows problem.
- you don't like to try the fix bob proposed (although i don't see why you wouldn't and you didn't tell it either).
- you don't like to do to an install of windows xp while retaining your data (replacing only windows) - you insist on making a backup, then reinstall windows (using the dell recovery cd's for example) on a totally clean drive, then restore your data from that backup.
that should surely help, indeed.
if that's what you want, i would simply use windows explorer to copy the contents of my documents (and maybe a few other folders containing your data) to an external hard disk.
it's rather safe there, although there are too many stories of external hard disks failing without apparent reason.
so, to be on the safe side, burn the data to dvd on a friends computer before formatting your own hard disk.
hope this helps.
kees
