jose, with regard to graphics processing units (gpus), there are generally two different types.
one type, like that in the computer you're considering, has an integrated gpu.
a useful way of thinking of integrated video cards is with the word 'shared' - an integrated card shares some of your computer's memory.
so, say that you have 2gb ram in your new pc - 256mb of this is portioned out to the video card.
the other type is a dedicated gpu.
these are video cards designed to have their own memory - some these days reaching 1gb.
the advantage of this is that, given their name, they have their own dedicated memory, and are generally designed to be much more powerful.
it's difficult to give you full advice without knowing specifically what integrated card the pc uses.
what i can say is that an integrated card will never give you the same graphics processing power as a dedicated one.
because the dedicated cards have their own memory, they are not sapping memory from your pc.
consequentially, games will run much more efficiently on a dedicated card.
if you want to play more recent, graphically intensive games, an integrated card will only suffice if you turn all the settings down, somewhat defeating the point of it being a recent, graphically intensive game.
remember that when you plug your monitor into the tower unit, the connection is made at your graphics card.
these things are not just for powering games; if you're going to be watching high-quality movies, video- or photo-editing, a more powerful dedicated graphics card will always put you in better stead, and let you do more.
the pure joy of a desktop is that generally speaking you're free to upgrade it whenever you want, and upgrading ram, sound cards, graphics cards and the like is remarkably straightforward (although note that some manufacturers consider user-upgrades to be a breach of the warranty).
a common misconception is that graphics cards cost the earth.
yes, the newest and most powerful ones do, but plump for one of the better models from last year, and you'll get great performance with plenty of bucks left over.
before you do this, you do need to check what type of motherboard you have and match this up to the cards available.
but no, if you plump for the cheaper option now it does not mean you'll be stuck playing solitaire for ever!
