it's a long, long story... my hard drive was nearly full, and the computer wouldn't boot into windows anymore.
had a bunch of problems, mft corruptions, bsods, disk read errors... nothing worked.
then... in february or so, my sister gave me her old computer to use.
my brother removed all the stuff and reformatted it, and then whilst i was sleeping he put my hdd in sister's computer.
the computer was now with two hdds, and working again.
(mine is a maxtor and hers a samsung) about two days later i was prompted with a bsod, about software.
looking up on google (with an old machine) i find a solution but it would mean all my program settings would be deleted, or changed.
didn't care.
so i did what was written on the article.
don't remember what happened next, but i know for sure that some programs wouldn't work, or had issues, including the antivirus (avast!
), which would give me an error every hour or so.
there wasn't a way to reinstall, it failed.
so i just installed avira.
stayed with it for some time until i noticed the sound was slowing down randomly, and chopping.
i updated the audio drivers but it didn't work.
then i tried a number of things, but no luck.
i uninstalled avira (which was also giving me some errors), and the sound kind of improved, but it was still bad.
whatever... the samsung hard drive also kept disappearing, both from windows and bios, so anything stored on it wouldn't be accessible anymore.
it would also make the dreaded clicking noise.
now the most recent stuff... and what is bugging me... this saturday i was playing some games installed on my sister's hard drive.
it was all okay until a clicking noise appeared.
the game froze.
that happened for a while until a bsod came, which made me turn off the computer.
i immediately thought the hdd was horrible and untrusted, or that a cable was loose.
the computer kept giving me a bsod.
left it alone for some time.
midnight comes, i try starting up the computer, and the click strikes again.
but this time with my hdd.
the bsod was either there, or ntldr failure, or the drive simply wouldn't be recognised.
it was probably dead, and there was nothing i could do to help.
i got to bed.
waking up, mum says my computer is faster than ever.
that was strange, since it was very slow before.
but who cares, the hard drive wasn't dead after all.
or so i thought.
turns out my brother had formatted the samsung drive (sister's) without telling me, or asking for permission.
everything that i had was lost, or at least missing.
i then took a peek and windows said my drive had: 232 gbs of 232 gbs total.
i am now hopeless.
i am pretty sure i lost everything, but perhaps there is a small chance of recovering my data.
never made any backups, since there was no way to.
i don't have any external drives with me, and the computers we have available have very small capacity.
it was over 200 gb of data.
everything was important to me.
i had thousands and thousands of folders.
it would take a long time to search and copy the files.
my mum who knows nothing about computers, told me it might be empty because it's borked.
but she also doesn't believe that my stuff is missing.
i can access it fine without any errors.
i don't want to put anything there, though, in fears of (hidden) data getting overwritten.
all my fault, i'm sure.
is there a way to recover?
apologies for the long text but i really had to tell someone and sorry for my english, especially the repetitive words.
i am also really sad so it's hard for me to express myself clearly.
