i have 2 new dell computers in my home which my brother purchased for me through dell's small business division.
one computer is an inspiron 1300 notebook and the other computer is a dell dimension e510.
last night i contacted dell's tech support about a problem with the inspiron 1300 notebook.
i was surprised to receive an answer from a tech support rep who claimed to be located in the state of alabama although the rep claimed to be a resident of massachusets(sp?)
who i was able to understand very clearly.
i was expecting my call to be routed to either india; the phillipines; or some other foreign land.
the tech support rep told me that my call was routed to him because my computers were purchased from dell's small business division and all tech support calls on sbd dell's were answered by u.s. based techs.
if the computers in question had been purchased from dell's home office division my call would have been routed to india.
i then asked if i purchased a dell xps computer; be it an xps notebook or a desktop; where would my tech support calls be routed?
the tech support rep based in alabama informed me that all tech support calls on any dell xps computers were also handled here in the usa and not forwarded overseas.
is this information correct or not?
my tech support session last night with the rep based in alabama went very smooth and my problem was also solved quickly.
i know dell gets bashed in many forums; one chief complaint is their overseas based tech support.
i have problems understanding those tech support reps in india but i'm certainly trying.
my internet service tech support for my dsl with bell south is also based in india and there are times where i find it very difficult to communicate with india.
i'll have to say that last night's tech support session with the dell rep in alabama was refreshing and certainly not frustrating to say the very least not to mention that my problem was also resolved very quickly.
i was communicating with someone who i could definitely understand.
feedback from anyone in the know would certainly be appreciated if they've had similar experiences with dell's tech support for small business machines or xps computers.
big steve 05/14/06
