i am running windows xp sp3 with an asus a7v600 mobo, cpu is an amdathlon xp3200+ barton core, 1 gb sdram by corsair, 1 ati 9600xt graphics card w/dell 21&quot; lcd widescreen, 2 hd's (1 sata & 1 ide), 1 asus 52x cdrom (ide), 1 plextor px-755sa dvd(sata) writer and 1 plextor px-708a ide writer with all drivers and firmware updated running ecdc 7 basic including drgtodsc which is what i use most to move all my data and programs to my dvd+rw's.
everything was working fine for a good while, then i burned some audio cd's with windows media player 11 and all went fine.
then i ripped some cd's with windows media player with no problems.
then i tried copying some data files to my dvd+rw where i keep all of my saved programs and that's when all my troubles started.
windows does not recognized my dvd's as dvd's.
it shows them as cd's.
i have checked just about everything there is to check according to the searches i have done through google and my dvd shows up as cd's and i cannot read or write to my dvd's at all.
it gives me an error, &quot;please insert disk&quot; and the dvd is in the writer.
it also says media not recognized.
i put my dvd+rw in either writer and it just shows it blank and i know i have plenty of data on them.
i can put cd's in my dvd's and read, copy, move, etc.
to them all day, but of course i cannot write to them.
i use a linksys router for my firewall and i also have a firewall for spyware, adware, and all those other kind of baddies that try to get through to my pc and i have not had any problems on that end that i can find.
i ran some rootkit scanners and they come up okay.
i think something changed when i ran media player to burn the audio cd's, because everything had been running fine for a good while.
if it was happening on just 1 dvd, i could surmise that it might be bad but, since i have two burners doing the same thing i think something else has happened and i need some big time help!
i have uninstalled roxio ecdc 7 basic and some other things advised by others and still nothing good has come about.
if someone out ther could give me some help i would be greatly appreciative.
thanks a bunch for listening.
