i agree--it is a different subject, but since your brought it up when you wrote that &quot;windows xp can only handle less than 300gb partitions,&quot; it needed to be addressed as erroneous information and corrected.
also erroneous was your stating that you &quot;have a seagate 320gb and the most xp will let me partition on it is, 298gb plus cache.
anything over that is a new partition.&quot; the fact is that it is impossible for any operating system (with or without an external enclosure) to partition that hard drive to more than 298 binary gb because there are a maximum of 298 binary gb on that hard drive (even though the label indicates that there are 320 decimal gb).
i have indeed read all posts and have been following this discussion form the beginning, including providing the first reply.
i did touch upon the size incompatibility issue in post #6 and others have as well.
i don't mind that others repeat or expand on ideas; i just want to correct misinformation and not allow it to spread.
many enclosures will specify a max capacity because there were only smaller sizes of hard drives available for qc testing of the enclosure before it hit the market.
the enclosure's controller will actually support more than the specified max in many instances.
another of my earlier points is that even though the enclosure is supposed to support up to 750gb drives, some enclosure models are faulty, and some controller chips in certain enclosures don't handle certain hard drive models very well.
(an example is the the maxtor sata ii hard drives that required a firmware upgrade to function properly with nforce3/4 chipsets.)
as i wrote earlier, that's when i return it for a functional/compatible model.
bear in mind that i'm not completely discounting a quirky enclosure that has nonstandard limitations.
i wonder what would happen if dprudlow tried to make a 120gb partition or a 200gb partition.
i will also note that i saw many reviews at newegg.com and elsewhere with 320gb drives, one 400gb drive, and a 500gb drive successfully formatted on a nexstar 3 model.
since there is more than one model of vantec nexstar 3, maybe dprudlow can provide us with the exact model number?
