well just like everyone else on the planet i'm gona reccommend the t6212 because it is simply a good computer for the price.
(i wish i could buy 1!)
i felt the same hesitancy about buying my t3256 but i did alot of research and i'm completely satisfied.
the emachines company has made great strides in the past years and you shouldnt look at them any differently than dell, hp, sony, etc.
now if i was buying 1 of those microtel computers from walmart then i'd be alittle wary.
my computer has had no problems to this day.
windows still boots up in 30 seconds.
i'm a happy guy lol.
as for the stability of the 160gb seagate, i highly doubt seagate would make an unstable harddrive.
problems with hardrives are not usually caused by a &quot;bad hardrive,&quot; it's the software that you put on the harddrives.
maybe that is the case with your hearing of the bad harddrives.
i haven't heard anything.
all the components of the t6212 are compatable with each other and shouldn't cause any problems.
if they did then why would emachines sell the computer?
to answer some questions... emachines computers are technically sold as stand-alone computers(without monitors, printer..) outlets like bestbuy tend to package an emachines monitor with a system, just look in a bestbuy flyer, you see them every weekend.
this is good if you want everything in one purchase.
but you can get your own monitor if you want too by buying the computer stand-alone.
it's an advantage and disadvantage.
(i think it is smart of emachines to do this) look out for rebates.
there is a $50 rebate for the t6212 alone.
also another $50 rebate for the emachines crt monitor.
so if you buy them seperate then you could save $100.
you could purchase the computer and monitor for $699.98 with savings at bestbuy.
then compare that to the package deals with the t6212, if there is any?
if you are still nervous about an emachines, buy the extended warranty.
i wouldn't let the &quot;old&quot; hard drive issue prevent me from buying at this time.
just as damasta55r said, you can always return it and if luck has it you won't be affected.
hope that helps.
