now that i seem to have wiped my (ide)hard drive with dban...i need to get my dvr, to recognize it.
first i need to get a look at it, and try formatting it to ntfs.
so far, its no go, trying straight from dban erase, then into the dvr.
i have 2 computers at my disposal.
one is the old computer, the erased drive came from(also ide plarform) that now has no hard drive or os.
the other, is a newer working computer(sata platform).
i am now trying to read the ide(erased drive) with my sata computer that is fully functional.
i got a cable that plugs into the usb drive of the sata computer, and then has a plug to fit the ide connection on the erased drive.
i then powered the tethered drive, from the old computer power supply beside it.
ugly, but best i can do under the circumstance.
the drive on the end of the cable runs, and shows up on the sata computer, under device manager.
it does not show up under &quot;computer&quot; or in windows explorer menu.
i ran hp diagnostics(pc doctor) and notification came up that sata disc management or something; could not recognize the drive firmware.
it allowed me to run a test from the notification window on the erased drive; and it failed pretty quick.
perhaps dban erased the firmware, and i need to re-instal the firmware?
when i looked under the drive properties in device manager; there was no firmware showing in the box next to firmware.
this is why i am thinking firmware.
i have the discs for the drive i am working with; but nothing seems to want to install anywhere.
neither the working computer, or the tethered drive.
i went to western digital sight, searched the drive model number; and can't seem to find anything that looks like a firmware update, or firmware.
i might just be too dumb to figure out the sight.
maybe i am completely off track here.
any ideas how to get this erased drive recognized, so i may attempt to format it, and or, scan it.
i suspect if i can get it recognized by my working computer and format it ftsc; i can get the dvr to recognize it.
please help.
any ideas here.
anyone who has used a tether across platforms like this.
i don't have another ide computer with drive and operating system; or i would put the erased drive on there.
i am stuck with the old computer drive(ide) and new computer(sata).
i don't have another ide drive to put the os on, and run the old computer.
or i would not be working across platforms.
the one other long shot, is trying to put the old dvr hard rive that still seems to work, in with the erased drive i am trying to format; and see if the dvr might erase and format them both.
this probably won't work if firmware is missing either.
does dban wipe the firmware?
