so let me sort this out.
you had a previous setup that worked.
with the dsl that then went into your wireless router, and then you had your win98 machine directly into the router, and your main computer elsewhere using wireless?
and then you got a new cable connection (w/ new modem) and that is now plugged into your wireless router with everything else the same as before, but the internet does not work?
if this is the situation.
then i would first make sure everything is physically setup correctly.
your modem should be connected to the &quot;internet&quot; port on your router.
and then your other machine should be connected to one of the other ports on the router.
i will assume the cable modem/internet works if you plug into the modem directly?
if the cable internet works, and you did not change anything else with your setup, then it has to be the link between your router and the cable modem.
if your setup worked previously then you should not need to run any setup cd's for your router, so you kind of lost me there.
normally you would log into your router via a web browser.
usually a 192.168.1.1 address.
if you are not aware of any settings you had to change when you originally setup your router, i would first try cycling your router as i described before, and perhaps doing the same to the modem as well.
i do mean just to power them on and off.
usually you just have to disconnect the power.
i would not 'reset' them, as you pointed out you would lose your settings.
your isp should have indicated if there was any special settings you needed to use the connection.
most use dchp to send you (your router) and ip address automatically.
so be sure your router is set to do this, or has the information provided by your isp.
i would make sure your pcs are the same as well.
you may want to perform an ipconfig /release and then ipconfig /renew from a dos prompt to be sure they have cleared out their settings as well.
if it still doesn't work, you will need to get into your router and see what settings there are.
after you do that, perhaps you can provide more information and we can be more helpful.
