dana - i always enjoy your writeups here.
very thorough and knowledgeable.
thank you.
i've converted one laptop to ssd thus far, and have been very pleased with the results.
i bought my 'dream' laptop last summer - an hp pavilion m7 series.
2.3ghz intel core i7 - 8gb ram - 1tb hard drive - 64 bit windows 7. nice fast machine.
a few months later, after researching ssd's, i decided to 'take the plunge' and go for ultimate speed - swapping out the hard drive for a 512gb crucial (micron) m4 ssd.
at the same time, i dropped in a kingston ram upgrade, maxing it out to 16gb.
i'm a truck driver, using a cellular 3g/4g 'data stick' on the road, and cable broadband via wi-fi at home - so i have 2 different comparisons of the difference it has made in total startup times.
at home - from button push, through fingerprint swipe to log-in to windows, to having the first page open - it went from almost 3 minutes, to a consistent 35 seconds.
on the road - from button push, through fingerprint swipe, to manually starting and initializing the 'data stick' connection, to having the first page open - it went from almost 5 minutes to just under a minute.
shutdowns, either way, have dropped from a minute to under 10 seconds.
everything loads a lot faster.....except for one program: itunes - which still takes just as long as ever to launch.
i ain't sure what's up with that....figure it's just some weird apple thing.
with the ssd, the computer runs a lot quieter and cooler - with probably a 25% improvement in battery life.
and i've had none of the hangups and glitches that had previously plagued me through the years - and were likely attributable to the effects of road jolts and truck vibrations on the conventional hard drive.
in fact, i've only encountered one glitch since installing the ssd, which probably had nothing to do with the ssd technology.
i pulled a bios update from hp, while on the road - and in the installation process, it 'froze' at the point between wiping the old info and writing the new info.
all it would do was turn on, go direct to black screen, and do nothing.
for 4 days, till i got home.
(thankful i also have a smartphone that can handle my business essentials, or i'd have been in a real fix!).
geek squad told me they don't do bios issues - so i'd have to ship it off to hp.
they recommended switching back to the original drive and ram before shipping it off - so i did....then decided to try the button one more time.
when i did, the bios update kicked in, finished updating like it was supposed to, and everything ran just fine - although slower, due to having the slower drive installed.
i ran the session on the old drive - and pulled in all the updates that weren't on it (as it had been on the shelf for 4 months), so it would be that much closer to 'up to date' if i ever had to drop it in again.
then i switched back to the ssd and ram upgrades, and hit the button.
moment of truth, as they say.
it took off and ran just fine - and i had my speedy baby back.
no more problems since.
i love the advantages of the ssd......but having been 'burned' by a few tech advances over the years, i'm now more diligent than ever in maintaining my backups, just in case.
every weekend, it gets a norton 360 full scan - and backups to a seagate external drive, used solely for these backups from this computer.
and in the 'worst case' catastrophic failure, i can always pop the original drive back in....up to date to last december, but that's better than losing it all.
