hey everyone i am having trouble with my budget cisnet computer that i got around late march in 2005. it all started today.
i was using the system fine all last night and into this morning.
i took a nap, and got up to search something on the internet.
when i got to my pc i found it shutdown.
i turned on the on button and it didn't turn on my pc.
the funny thing is, the same thing happened to me last november.
i went out and when i came back i found the pc shutdown and no way to turn it on.
when this happened to me in november, i had to send the pc for repairs.
i got the pc back in late december and now i am in the same jam.
to me it seems the same problem has occured.
so this is the situation.
the pc won't turn on at all.
i have tried it on another outlet and that didn't work.
the odd thing is, on the back of the pc the ethernet port continues to light up even after the pc is shutdown.
i have my dsl ethernet cable in that ethernet port and it continues to light up.
i realized one thing after i got my pc from repairs.
my heatsink/fan got really noisy.
i could feel my hand shake when i laid my hand on my computer desk.
the pc itself was just terrible noisy.
roughly about 3 days ago it got alot quiter which i found strange.
i popped off the side panel and i found no damage or burns.
the heatsink/fan is made by coolermaster.
everything looks good and i see no problems.
i did notice that there was alot of dust on the heatsink/fan.
i took off the hs/f and underneath it i saw thermalpaste.
i blew the hs/f a little to get the dust and placed it back on the board.
i did not however reapply thermalpaste on the hs/f.
after everything, the pc still won't turn on.
so really nothing in the pc will turn on.
the fans, nothing.
as i have said, the same thing happened back in november.
i want to avoid sending the pc for repairs again because they will reformat my hard drive and it gets annoying to re-install everything.
my pc specs are a p4 processor, buffalo 512mb ddr ram, windows xp sp2, dvd burner, a 120gb hard drive, media card reader, and that is about it.i haven't added anything on the pc.
all help is appreciated and thanks for any help.
