hi guys, i have a western digital mybook 500gb harddrve which i mainly use to back up my music, videos and pictures.
i connect it to my sony vgn-s2xp which runs win xp.
recently it started acting up, not being recognised from time to time, but unplugging it and plugging it back would usually do the trick.
i assumed that my usb ports on my laptop were just loose, which also sounded right for the &quot;disconnect&quot; happening whenever i was transferring lots of data from my harddrive back to my laptop.
the harddrive would not be recognised anymore an dthe data transfer would be stopped.
whenever it disconnected i needed a few tries to get it live again, and sometimes the harddrive was recognised but whenever i clicked on it, i got a message asking me to reformat it as its not the right format.
(??)
anyways, i was due to get a new machine anyway (was longing for a desktop) so got a sony tp1 last week (which runs on vista).
when i connected the harddrive vista crashed.
i then tried to connect the harddrive back to my laptop bt it keeps asking me to format the harddrive (if it actually recognises the harddrive).
2 questions: 1) i want to save my music collection (and myself from ripping all of it all over again, which took me months) and wondered if there is anything i can do to retrieve the data.
i can't even access the directory in dos mode.
2) i only recently had the same problem with another 80gb harddrive of mine, which was about three years old so i assumed it was normal wear and tear.
this mybook harddrive is less than 4 months old, so very strange.
could it be some virus causing that?
i ran antivirus and spywareblaster on it and nothing came up for it.
how can i avoid it again next time?
the harddrive stands around on a table most of the time, its not anywhere where it would be moved a lot, or could overheat.
btw, i did read the comments about not using an external harddrive as the only backup.
i never had any problems until recently but will avoid that in future.
any help is appreciated.
thanks.
shareque
