hi again phil i would be remiss if i didn't provide some more in depth advice on the purchase of an ssd and bit more information regarding trim and garbage collection.
buying i mentioned in my main post about being sure to keep your ssd up-to-date with the latest firmware offered by the manufacturer.
i also spoke about &quot;destructive&quot; updates (while not the norm) when applied will erase all data on the ssd.
here's my advice on how to deal with a destructive update: destructive updates usually occur right after a release of a &quot; new-to-market &quot; ssd or an overhaul to the ssd controller (of which the latter is very rare).
when researching an ssd check to see what version of firmware is installed (v1.0 vs v1.1, v1.2 and so on).
if a ssd is sporting v1.0 of its firmware it's probably a good candidate for a future firmware flash.
that's not to say that the update will be destructive but the odds are more likely when moving from the initial firmware version to the first update.
you do have options: - don't purchase a &quot;new-to-market&quot; ssd - go with a tried and tested model - contact the manufacturer of the &quot;new-to-market&quot; ssd and ask what type of update they foresee in the future.
they may share some critical information with you.
- research the lesser gb model in a family-line of a manufacturer that has been on the market and reviewed (if you are looking at a step-up model) to see what the performance specs were, how it was rated and how the new-to-market version measures up.
here's my real world example.
.. i purchased an ocz vertex-4 512gb ssd.
the research revealed that the vertex-4 256gb model performed to benchmark standards and better.
however, the newly released 512gb model did not due to some controller issues that ocz was addressing.
as it happened ocz corrected the problems, but to do so (as a consumer) required a firmware flash that was destructive .
i was fortunate that i was not a &quot;first adapter&quot; of the 512gb model and was able to perform all the updates before loading any personal programs (other than the os) thus not requiring a reload of everything.
all subsequent firmware updates have been non-destructive .
so the bottom-line here is... - research, research, research, research before making a purchase - don't be a &quot;first adapter&quot; of a newly released model (if you can avoid it) - purchase a ssd that has good reviews if you like a particular manufacturers product-line - purchase another brand if the capacity you are looking at by one manufacturer is too new-to-market versus a tested version by another - there are a lot of good choices out there.
trim and garbage collection trim is typically enabled by the os.
here a link to show you how to check for trim enablement in a windows environment:  mac os doesn't enable trim by default, but there is a &quot;free&quot; workaround.
i use it and it works perfectly.
the only caveat is that you must remember to run the program after a mac os update.
you can get it here:  garbage collection is resident to the ssd and is enabled by the ssd controller.
each manufacturer may &quot;twik&quot; how if works on there particular brand, but the results are the same.
i hope this additional info is useful.
t ogether e veryone a chieve m ore
