we have a pentium d model 840 based system, which has never been the coolest running processor, that i think one could use this as a hairdryer now.
the motherboard as an asus p5wd2 premium with the intel 955x chipset.
the power supply is an ocz 600 watts continuous model.
the cpu isn't overclocked and has been running on stock settings since it was purchased.
the power supply and its fans are good, the heatsink fan is spinning like a jet engine, and all the other case fans work, but the thing is now overheating before windows can load.
this system has always run hot and is the last of our pentium d 800 series, which seem to make great space heaters.
all fans are clean, freely turning, and properly mounted.
the system seems to have slowly gotten hotter over the past few months.
this was first noticed due to warmer room temps even during the coldest part of the winter.
instability began last week and it won't even complete a bootup before turning off as of today.
we placed our hands on the back of the computer and the air being emitted from the fans was about as hot as a hair dryer.
you couldn't hold your hands there for long and the back and top parts of the system were too hot to touch.
upon taking the side off, i could feel an oven-like heat emanating from inside the pc.
it felt like you could lay bread inside the case and make toast!
it seems the heatsink is doing its job of transferring heat from the cpu as it was also too hot to touch.
i looked at the hardware monitor in bios before shutting this down and pulling the power cord from the back.
the cpu temps were registering 122c/252f, which i find hard to believe, although there was a hot smell coming from the system.
the max temp for this processor is only like 70c.
i upgraded to arctic silver v a few months ago when this first became noticeable and that temporarily dropped the temps.
the upward trend resumed and continued until the system simply wouldn't boot.
we will likely be replacing this soon but i would still like to know what can cause this to happen.
i have never seen heat issues simply from age.
usually there has to be some sort of dust or fan problem.
