&quot;since you said that after i ok large disk support i can still specify the size of other partitions, i plan to backup drive c's contents, use &quot;format /s c:&quot; to reformat the partition, and repartition the hdd.&quot; the order of execution is incorrect.
go ahead, but the order is fdisk then format.
if you want to format, the run fdisk, then go right ahead.
i find it best to let people do that if they want.
&quot;should i delete the secondary and logic partitions before formatting the hdd, or would it be best to format the drive before repartitioning?&quot; formatting and partitioning are different procedured and effect.
i think you need to ponder this.
but in a nutshell, you can't create a bigger partition if there is another beyong that and &quot;in the way.&quot; &quot;i still plan to install win 98se, win 2k-pro, and win xp-pro for a multi-boot.
i wish to set 2k as my default os.
does the c drive always have to be the primary partition, or can i choose win 2k's partition as the primary?&quot; this all depends on if you are going to use just microsoft's supplied tools and methods.
since you gave no indication of any other boot manager, then the procedure is simple.
for windows 98, use fdisk and only create the partition you need for 98. format c:/s that, then install 98. do not partition or format anything for 2000 or xp to avoid small issues.
i only share this and you can ignore that advice.
for windows 2000, boot that cd and use it's supplied method to create a partition and install to that place.
it will format it during the install.
for xp, the same menu allows for its creation of partition and its install formats the space as it installs.
in closing, i only share what i (and &quot;tech&quot;) do so we don't have to deal with issues we don't want to deal with.
&quot;does the c drive always have to be the primary partition, or can i choose win 2k's partition as the primary?&quot; using the microsoft method and tools, you have no choice in the matter.
bob
