i use to build computers all the time, maybe 20-25 total, but that was way back in the 2-core days.
i just simply burned out & didn't have fun doing it any longer.
but i still do my own family computers, since i'm a bit picky.
i guess i was pretty good at picking the pieces, since this ancient athlon64x2-4800+ / nvidia9800gt rig is only now feeling serious effects of the &quot;i-can't-do-that&quot; disease.
so it's time for new.
the results of several recent 3a.m.
bedtimes have allowed me to figure out the best parts for my price-range ... graphics, memory, case, drives, etc.
the mobo won't be a problem, since that's always been my favorite piece to research.
however, because of how long i've been out of the loop, i'm way behind on new cpu-tech.
that's where i need your help, although i have narrowed the possibilities down to a minimum.
there's just a couple (that means 3 or 5) items which i'm still clueless about.
you saw above i haven't picked a mobo yet, for the obvious reason i haven't picked a cpu yet.
but i'm going with 1 of 6 for sure (or 1 of 9, i'll elaborate at the end).
although i've used 90% amd's, i'm not completely intel-stupid.
i'm not a fan-boy either way & hope this thread doesn't devolve into that.
so the basics are, i'm looking at amd fx-8350, 8320, or 8120. i shouldn't even include the last one, since it ranks quite a bit lower than the first 2 on about every benchmark/comparison i've been able to find, at only $25'ish cheaper.
these are all 8-core.
now, for intel, i've picked i5-2450p, 3470, or 2500k.
i've read remarkable stories about the last one, even though several benchmarks place it a bit lower than the 1st two.
however, i'm a good oc'er & seems like that &quot;k&quot; signifies a chip which works well with that art, so it could probably be convinced to operate at near the performance of the 1st two.
and it also already has a higher clock speed than either, but significantly lower than the 1st two amds.
i'm plenty computer-savvy to know that doesn't mean a whole lot in modern chips, but i'll be the first to admit that it's my major cpu-weakness .... i luv seeing those monstrous clocks, like the 4.0ghz of the biggest amd above.
i do know that typically intel usually beats amd same-4-same, and quite often even a couple notches higher of an amd.
but here's my main stickler.
best that i can tell, all i5's are 4-core.
all amd's above are 8-core.
(let's not get into hyperthreading discussion in depth, although it may play a part, if i5's actually have it) so ... even though intel chips quite often outperform amd chips, will those 8-core amd chips have a noticable advantage above those 4-core intels?
if not, will those extra 4 cores allow the amd chips to perform as well as the intels?
i bring that up because all of the amd's, with only 1 sole exception, are up to 60 bucks cheaper.
i'm not building a bargain-basement system here, but i'm also a disabled vet with fixed income.
$25 doesn't matter, $60 might.
so will i get better performance from those faster, bigger, & cheaper amds?
or will the somewhat more expensive, smaller, & slower intels still outdo them?
that's the main question & the only one i need a definite answer to.
however, as hinted at above, there are 3 more cpus i'm eyeing as curiosities.
the a10-5800k, a10-5700, & a8-5600k apus, with integrated graphics.
now right off the bat i know these don't ompute as well as any of the 6 above, but they aren't dramatically too far back.
my new build will have a great graphics card in it, so i'm not saying i'll rely on the onboard video.
but the plan is to buy sli/crossfire capable stuff, but only 1 card for now.
i'm not even sure i'll like a dual graphic set-up, but doing it this way allows me to add that second card later, if i so choose.
but will these chips with onboard radeon graphics work together with a dedicated radeon card, much like a crossfire setup?
he biggest & neatest advantage i see by going this apu-route is that i would still have working video if i blew my card up.
(remember i said that i oc'd .... well, sometimes i od too & burn something up ) so does either of these reasons give me a legitimate reason to go with the less powerful apus, which will actually do all the computing i want to do anyway?
last thing, an &quot;addie&quot; since we got to talking about onboard graphic stuff.
i noticed that some new mobos have some decent onboard graphics now.
will this graphics do an sli/crossfire-type deal with a dedicated video card?
does it have to be the same brand?
in other words, if the mobo graphics are radeon, will it work with nvidia, or just radeon?
this option would allow me to do what i should do anyway & go with one of the faster pure-cpus.
but then i'd still have that extra graphics when i melt my new dedicated video card.
thanks in advance for all help.
