hi, i was reading some of the other issues involved with the maxtor but none of them seemd to be mine.
i've had it a good 3 yrs now with no trouble.
i use xp pro and the norton host of security and tools.
for about amonth now i was noticing that my system has been slower than usual, it seemed to be &quot;doing&quot; something at start up.
the desktop was there, all icons etc.
but it wouldn't open anything until it was done whatever it was doing,i could hear it working.
i'm not sure if any of that is related mind you.
now, for the last four days i have lost my h drive (my maxtor 3000le) first, it would power down during start up,i was getting a black screen after my go back had loaded up, then the windows logo screen ,then black.
and at that point i would hear my maxtor running down and finally stopping.
at first, i just rebooted and it worked a couple of times.
then i unplugged the usb and it zinged back to life again.
meanwhile, i had been given this blue screen saying something was wrong and had to do with file goback2k.sys.
i would go into device manager and it would not show my hd.
then once i had to answer the phone, and when i came back it had powered up by itself and all was fine again.
now it isn't.
i totally removed goback from my system (and am nervous as hell about it!)
but all that did was keep me from getting the blue screen ( i had go back for years without problem as well before this) if i use device manager to check the maxtor, it says the device is working fine, even though i can hear that it is not spinning adn the drive does not show in &quot;my computer&quot; anymore.
when i disable it, it powers up again.
if i uninstall it, it powers up again.
but as soon as the system finds it again and re-installs it, after a few seconds it powers down to a stop again!
meanwhile, device manager is still tellling me that it's &quot;fine&quot;.
i'm lost, i called maxtor and am glad i didn't have to pay for the call because it was totally fruitless.
i can't run chkdsk on it since my system doesn't think it exists at the moment.
i tried to be slick about it and plug it back in just before clicking on the chkdsk to go, but apparently it's slicker than i am stupid thing is that i hadn't made any changes or installed anything before all this happened, it just seems to have started out of nothing.
the go back thing too.
though as i said,i'm not sure if they connect somehow.
if anyone has an idea of how to fix this please help.
i can't bring it in anywhere i just don't have the money.
i need the files on the drive and even have files on there that my kids need for school.
thanks in advance for any and all help!
