three reasons.
one, my machine automatically collects email -- i receive a lot of legitimate emails every day and my machine is able to file some, respond to some and put the rest in my inbox for my perusal.
i do not have to wait for it when it starts up but can just start work.
second, my machine performs its nightly backup at three am -- this can be anything from a five minute process to much longer.
third, mandatory and important updates are performed right after the backup finishes.
again some of these can be quite long -- if this hapened when i turned on the machine, many of them would be postponed -- and the postponements would accumulate.
this could be especially bad for the virus file updates.
when my machine is idling, it uses more juice that sleeping, hibernating or off but these tasks would not get done in a timely manner.
the display shuts down -- uses almost no juice.
the hard drives stop spinning when they are not needed and the fans shut down because they are not needed either.
i disagree with the person who said below that a clean reboot is needed quite often.
since the days of xp, my machine only reboots when an update requires it for completion of installation.
this too is done while i am away.
back in the much earlier days of an unruly ms sql server, i used to advise clients to ensure they rebooted that machine once per week.
if not the scratch space would gorw and eventually bring the server to a non-responsive state.
this has long ago been corrected.
unless you have truly bad applications, you should not need a scheduled reboot.
in a data center environment, you need to put some controls on the processing of updates and maybe -- this could then control when you need a restart.
saving electricity is perhaps a valid reason for shutting down.
if your machine is not doing anything useful when you are not at the controls, by all means, why not shut it down?
if you need it to be responsive right away when you sit down, you may do better if you can set up processes to take care of the maintenance tasks when you are not there.
if you have time to wait when your machine starts up (maybe 5 minutes, maybe a half an hour or more) why not shut it down.
if you don't install the updates when required, you may be risking a lot for a little time and electricity.
it is your choice.
