re: dell.
unless you buy a business class system and require tech support (which i suspect the original poster will probably need), you'll be speaking to someone with an accent so thick, you wont understand a single word.
dell uses cheap parts, and has a proprietary power-supply/motherboard setup- meaning, you can't just go out and replace a dell power supply unit without the risk of literally setting your system on fire.
a business class system would put the price tag way over the top for the needs of the original poster (but you'd get better tech support).
yes, dell makes very cheap systems, something that would well suit the poster's needs, however, what i've said about the tech support, which has been stated numerous times by others on these boards make me rule them out entirely.
also, as my friends' personal tech support person, i see a high rate of hardware failure.
dell stock has just dropped recently, in part (according to the article i read in the business section of my local paper) due to lousy tech support, competitive pricing by hp/compaq, and the series of laptops (don't recall which one) that has a habit of going up in flames due to some type of manufacturing defect.
though dell still seems to have the market share of retail computers, this doesn't mean they put out a quality product.
i know some people that are quite happy with their (expensive, business class) dells.
they've paid extra for the 24/7 tech support and in-home repair.
somthing you can get for free from the 1 year warranty hp provides.
as a build it your selfer, i did some research and found out what parts dell used in a relatively cheap system they advertised a few years ago when my daughter needed a new computer.
i built it for about $400 using similiar parts, but was able to use a faster cpu, and saved about $800.
i don't require tech support for my desktops, but do for my laptops, so, again, i can vouch for hp/compaq and gateway' tech support.
we use dells at my job, ant the it people hate dells.
they spend most of their time replacing 1 piece of hardware or another.
as for monarch, i can only comment on what i've heard- i have a long time friend on these boards who had a monarch system built, and she's quite happy with her system, and her experience with dealing with monarch's sales people.
i've read from other posters that they're quite happy with their monarch systems also.
i can't say as to their tech support, as the people i know who have monarchs don't require it, but the consensus seems to be that monarch is a solid company.
hope this helps.
