ross, i too am a consultant who tries to put my customer's needs ahead of my profit.
your machine is midlle-of-the road.
the duron is not a great performer and usb 1.1 connectors are a limitation.
368m of ram is a little light, but i'll bet you already upgraded that once.
having said that, unless you are going to radically increase your use, i would stick where you are, and buy a new machine only when you have hardware failures in the future.
here's a few things to consider: 1) i don't see where you mention that you tried windows disk cleanup to recover space on your hard drive.
in windows xp, there is a easy utility in the performance and maintenance area of control panel to do the cleanup.
17g of space used is a whole lot.
most users with your situation have a lot of unneeded data on their hard disk instead of data they want.
i have been able to delete gigabytes of data when i show people what is presently on disk, wthout affecting their everyday use.
an often forgotten space hog in system recovery.
this a nice feature if you make a change that breaks the system, but often too much space is allocated for pcs where little changes on a day-to-day basis.
if you are running stably now, with no virus/spyware concerns, you can turn off system recovery, which erases the older restore points, then you can immediately turn it back on a create a new one to return to.
(note that this technique is often recommended to clean up virus and spyware infestations by the major av vendors.)
this will free up space that is essentially useless: you would never go back to those points anyway.
2) your windows xp license is probably not transferable to a new pc.
when you try to activate it, microsoft may tell you that you have to buy a new retail license.
that is a big cost factor in an upgrade, so you're generally better off buying a new pc.
3) if you decide to buy an external drive, you can also get a usb 2.0 or firewire add-in card for your present pc, that will overcome some of the data transfer limitation.
$29 is a fairly common cost.
4) never forget that a hard drive, internal or external, is a very fragile storage place for things you really want to keep, like family pictures or tax info for instance.
they do fail, and fail catastrophically, without an affordable means of recovery.
these should be burned to a cd for safe keeping, copied onto a second cd, and one copy should be stored away from your home.
if you lose or misplace a copy don't forget to make another.
thanks!
