alright big time discussion goingon service plan han!!
well i definatley would recoment a service plan cause i have seen people coming back to stores with their broken or not working laptop withing the time frame of 1-3 years with no money of buying a new laptop and want to get that fixed.
definatley best buy service plan will cover it they will not charge you any extra for repairing or putting any new equipment in it.
also, i mean if you are not gona use the service plan you can get benefit from one battery that they give you in that time frame average cost of a battery about 130 dollars.
also, with these hurricanes coming in and we are using too much voltage at our house surge is covered, humadity and dust.
oh yeah the people who want to stick to manfacture warranty do so but you might have to learn another language cause they transfer your calls to india people who most of the time have no idea wat they are talking about oh yeah and if you lucky enough to get somebody online .. well if you got leaisure time wait on for 50 mins for somebody to help you.
i recently had the same issue with hp, thank god i had the service plan and they fixed my laptop.
also best buy got accidental covergage mandatory for students, we know you gona party at college and yep we know you gona drink and will soak your laptop so get accidental coverage as well.
another thing is no lemon policy that best buy does is after three repairs they give you out the same money again the same amount of money for a new laptop, the actual price of laptop that you bought for.
so why not , and yes the screens are covered for two times.
i would definatley recomend a servie plane .. yes its money but they provide you service and again if you are looking for something cheap mannnnn then who cares .. really if you willl stay at ebay and search for thousand of hours to look for somthing well you even dont deserve to come to best buy.
cause yes we make money yes we profit why not..we should.. alright.
i am best buy, and i am not on commisssiiiiooonnnnn sales person..
