seems that your needs are like lucky-lady's.
i know many would recommend a local shop to custom make a system for you; many would say ''build your own!''
despite your saying you don't have the expertise to do so.
for your needs, which are very basic, i'd suggest a retail system from someplace like bestbuy or circuitcity.
i'd say up to $1000 is a very generous budget for your requirements.
check out the circuitcity site for amd (my preference) 64 bit systems.
the upside to a retail system is the whole system is warrantied (but do check exactly what is warrantied and for how long).
you may think about getting an extended store warranty.
i bought a sony camcorder from cc, and never had to bother with sony.
never really had a problem, but the salesman suggested that i bring it in now and then ''for them to look it over; cuz they'll end up cleaning for you anyway''- was a good tip.
anyway, check out what you get with the store warranty- ideally, should you run into hardware issues, you can simply let them do the work for you- meaning if the hd fails, they'll replace and reinstall it for you- but make sure you know and understand the terms of any extended agreement.
here's just one example of a pretty decent system from cc made by hp:  i'm not necessarily advocating this particular model, but just showing you one example of how cheap systems are, and this model suits all your needs (however, a quick read of the specs isn't clear to me whether there's 2 external bays for an extra optical drive).
i just quickly looked at the amd based systems, picked an hp, a brand i know and like.
spend a few bucks more, and i'm sure you'll find something that not only you will like, but more than suit your needs, and surely last you quite a few years.
keep in mind the hp media center systems tend to come with not xp home or pro, but xp media os (or whatever they call the version geared towards multimedia).
also, on many retail systems, there's a hidden partition that holds the installation files of the operating system.
my brother in law asked hp to send him a disc with the installation files, and i helped him format the 200 gig hd to make use of the 30 gigs allocated for the hidden partition, and he ulitmately loaded xp pro.
so ask the salesman that you don't want media edition of xp, but the home version of xp.
even in retail stores things are nogotiable- it's just that people are afraid to ask.
you've seen what i've said about hp's tech support, which i think is top notch.
want something cheaper?
check out the e-machines....but beware of the tech support, i hear it's lacking.
not afraid to buy online?
go to (vendor's name) website, and look for ''refurbished''.
the it guys who don't like to build their own always buy refurbs.
their reasoning is, there's actually more care in a refurb, because the whole system gets a good going over, as opposed to a something that rolled off the assembly line.
just check online the retail stores like bestbuy, circuitcity, look for the same model #'s and comparison shop as to price.
i'm no fan of my local bestbuy, but i know lots of people who love that store and their extended warranties- breaks, bring it in and they either repair or replace it.
since i'm lazy, i prefer that method as opposed to possibly shipping the whole thing to who knows where.
i bought the very first e-machine (500mhz chip!
$500!
), which served me very well, but when the floppy drive died, i had to ship it to california, who then shipped it to korea to replace the drive.
the drive had a nice curve to it, so i couldn't just buy a cheap floppy and replace it.
oh, speaking of floppies, since you want one, you may find it difficult to find a retail pc with a floppy drive.
floppies are considered legacy devices more and more, so you may have to find a system that has a bay for a floppy drive you may have to install yourself.
more and more, people are using usb ''flash'' drives instead of floppies.
i still like floppy drives myself.
as to tech support, there's no better place than these forums, but if you need it in the middle of the night, there's nothing like 24/7 tech support, so write down every question you may have should you head out to the nearest computer store.
one upside to circuitcity, is the salespeople no longer work on commission, so there's no pressure by them, and i find the salespeople fairly knowledgable.
just to muddy the waters a little, have you considered a laptop?
it'll suit your every need, it's portable, and should the os go down the tubes, you generally need two discs to restore everything- the recovery disc to reinstall the os, and the drivers/applications disc for the hardware and applications.
sometimes the applications disc will be seperate, so that's 3 discs.
i bought my hp laptop for about $1200 when it first came out- has a burner, multi-format memory reader, 80 gig hd, it came loaded with 512 megs of ram, and i added an additional 512, has high-def screen, dual-layer burner that also plays dvds, a few applications.
lately, i've been doing most of my computing laying on my back with the laptop propped up.
just thought i'd toss that in there for you to think about.
you should be able to buy the same model hp presario model v231ous for about $800 on sale these days- sorry make that a compaq.
hp makes a similiar model.
hp and compaq for all intents and purposes are the same, since they're the same company.
has a dual layer burner, amd 64 bit turion chip.
the turions were made for laptops- they don't get as hot, slightly slower than an a chip made for a desktop, but you can't beat it's portability, and the high-def screen is amazing.
hope i've answered your questions.
if so, happy hunting, and i hope this info helps lucklady, as well, since this is her thread.
anymore questions, i, or someone else will be glad to answer them.
