lee,i'm going to chime in my 2~cents worth-- i have used dvd-ram for more than 14 years.
(b4 it was a ram like disc..more to the point, was a pd disc and was not 4.7gb) i used powerquest then dump the image to the ram disc.
(if it was a full image of the &quot;c&quot; drive for example.)
i now use ghost..it is just like pq.
powerquest was &quot;the&quot; program that many computer companies used for the &quot;quick restore&quot; feature that they promoted.
symantec (formally norton's) purchased powerquest and named it &quot;ghost&quot;.
the ram disc record just like a hard drive..they are not linear (spiral) recorders like dvd.
they access the disc faster than any dvd.
the disc is made differently than a dvd, there are no dye refection problem (i.e:-r).
these discs are extremely stable in most environments.
can be recorded more than a 1000 times!
and have a shelf life of a 100 years!
the medical industry has, and still uses them as a primary archival medium.
they are stored &quot;off site&quot; meaning they are not in the computer at all times.
i myself have never had an issue with one at all.
i have stored them in a basement, on a shelf for over 8 years..the disc work fine.
just for s#%ts and giggles..i have even tested them in water for 6 months..not a problem.
a hardisk has to be exercised every so often or they will seize.
(interpeter failure, motor bearing grease harding, etc.)
storing the drive is important too, the magnetic coating that is placed on the aluminum platters expands and contracts at a different rate than that of the platters, this has been taken into account during the design of the product.
however, to many fluctuations in tempature and humidity can cause the magnetic layer to lift..and destroy the drive.
the movie industry is grappling with this problem as we speak.
they are now taking digital movie information ( from parts of the film that were like.. digital effects, sound, outakes cut-ins etc..) and either moving it from a hdd and putting it on film, like kodak's vision 2 or the new vision 3 film.
(can last over 100 years!)
and storing it and using dvd-ram as another media for long term storage.
they have found that the hardisk has a life of non use of about 2~4 years.
dvd about 15 years.
before the data can't be read.
the ram disc does not have these kinds of problems.
but has two others that i am aware of... 1, the disc only holds about 4.7 gb of info, 2, will there be recorders around that will read the disc in a 100 years???
same holds true for usb devices such as hardrives and the like????
but right now the ram-disc is fine for me, it is robust and safe and darn near bullet proof.
forget blue-ray, way too much info on a disc that is easly damaged.
sony's way of making it desposable b4 it is usable.
(the information layer is only .01mm away from the surface of the disc in respect to the ram-disc about .5mm away from the surface..) now that is a big difference!
that's my 2 cents worth.
