if you have multiple computers, and routinely copy very large files between them, then 802.11g is probably a good investment.
it's important to keep in mind, however, that if you're only using it to access the internet, chances are your internet connection is going to be slow enough that you won't notice a difference between b and g. from my experience, if you don't absolutely need g, disabling it and sticking with b often results in a more reliable connection (and a cheaper one if you just buy b equipment).
i use b at home (for reliability and range).
i rarely need to copy large files between my desktop and my laptop, and when i do, my laptop is usually in its dock, where it has a wired connection.
as for brands... i do think it matters.
i've found linksys acceptable for home use, but for offices (or serious home users with multiple computers) i've found that the configuration options offered on many of the linksys routers leave something to be desired, especially if you have 3 or 4 different computers that you want to be able to access via remote desktop while you are out.
i'm also not to keen on the way the antennas are connected to the linksys pci cards... they screw on, but the connector they screw on to is just press-fit into the card, and pulls right out with even a tiny bit of leverage (and the antenna provides quite a bit of leverage).
my best experience to date has been with d-link equipment.
i'm using a di-614+ (802.11b) at home, and i recently set up an office with the 802.11g equivalent.
so far i have never had any problems, and i am happy with the configuration options that the d-link firmware supports.
one thing i will say, however, is regardless of what brand you purchase, the firmware on almost all of them is out of date right out of the box, so the first thing you should do is get on-line and update the firmware.
also, it's a good idea to back up the settings after you get the wireless router configured -- i know a number of people who lost the password and had to reset their router, which not only resets the password but also all of the settings.
it's handy to have a backup file on hand that you can restore, so you don't have to re-do all of the settings if you have to reset the router.
hope this helps!
