hi virginia, lots of good suggestions here, but one thing everyone failed to check is your level of expertise or comfort with trying any of their suggestions.
to be honest, it could be the drive itself, the electronics in the external enclosure, the power supply for the external enclosure, the usb cable you use with it or even the usb connector on the external enclosure.
the recovery software suggested is not going to work if any of the above issues are the problem.
a good place to start would be trying a different usb cable.
if that does not fix the problem, try carefully moving the usb plug around to see if it might be the connection in the drive enclosure.
do it gently and slowly and watch your monitor screen while running windows explorer to see if your drive becomes recognized and accessible.
if this works, have someone hold the plug in the position that works and try to copy one file off the drive to your internal drive.
if that works, then i would say you have a reasonable chance with purchasing a replacement enclosure and moving the drive over to it.
however, here is where certain issues arise.
depending on how old the usb drive is, it may be an ide drive and most external enclosures sold today are made for sata drives.
your comfort level comes into play too.
if you find a drive enclosure to match your hard drive, can you accomplish the transfer.
same applies to taking the drive out of the enclosure and hooking it up directly to your desktop computer.
depending on whether it is ide or sata dictates what kind of cables you need to accomplish that.
if you found that is is the drive enclosure, one could even go so far as to permanently install the drive inside your desktop computer.
as far as recovery software goes, if you cannot get a good working connection to the drive, then software is not going to help.
it sounds like you really want to recover the data on the drive.
that is most likely where a professional recovery service comes in.
they are a choice of last resort.
after you are positive that the drive is dead, they may be able to recover your files and most services don't come cheap.
i would stay away from the small mom and pop stores suggested.
they can't do what the professional services can and may cause more harm than good.
if you are not comfortable with trying the above methods, and don't have a friend you trust to try testing them, then you could use a small computer store with the understanding that they are only to try getting the drive to work and no data recovery efforts.
they should be able to test the connections to the drive enclosure, a different power supply, and hooking the drive up directly to a desktop computer so see if they can see the files you want to recover.
if the drive is good, have them install it in your desktop.
but take away a valuable lesson from all of this, never put extremely valuable files all in one location.
depending on how much data you have, you should have more than one external drive, use a large thumb drive, or burn your files to a cd or dvd.
i would suggest as least two different kinds of backups, three is even better.
and think about this, what happens if your house or apartment burns down or is broken into and your computer equipment is destroyed or stolen.
always store at least one backup somewhere else like a safe deposit box or your parents or a good friends house.
you can always replace your computer, and recover your data from one of your backups.
i hope the moderator makes sure you get this and if he allows, further discussion, to try and help you get your problem fixed.
(what about that lee koo?)
good luck!!!
!
