wow....what a struggle with linksys.
i have the wrt300n wireless router in my basement and i get a very weak signal upstairs on my laptops and xbox 360. so i got online with the linksys chat and they said i needed to purchase a wap54g access point.
got it home and could not get it to work, went back online in chat with linksys and they said &quot;oh no sir that is not compatible with your router&quot; and that i needed to purchase the wre54g range expander.
once i again i got back home with the new equipment, low and behold it would not work!!!.
for the 3rd time now i got back online with linksys and spent about 1.5 hours chatting with somebody trying to get it to work.....nothing!!
and on top of that the person from linksys i was chatting with suddenly gave up and would no longer talk to me.
the next day i decided that i would not go online but would call directly to the linksys support.
after i gave them my name and info i explained to them my problem and the first thing they said is &quot;oh no sir, the equipment you have is not compatible, but, i might be able to help you configure it so it will work.&quot; and this is how it went....!!
first of all the computer or laptop must be hardwired to the router.
second, the wre54g must also be hard wired to the router.
then, reset the wre54gn by pressing the reset button for at least 30 seconds.
(you probably get a blue and red steady light....that is fine).
hopefully, if all goes right, this will allow you to now communicate with the wre54g.
(auto configuration is not possible).
now to test this: go into your start menu and click on &quot;run&quot; and type in the comannd &quot;cmd&quot;....this will give you a dos prompt window.
now type in &quot;ping 192.168.1.240&quot; (this is the preset ip address of the wre54g.)
at this point you will get several lines of numbers and stuff...ignore everything except at the bottom where it say's &quot;packets: sent = 4, recieved = 4, lost = 0 &lt;0% loss&gt;.
if this is the case then you are looking good!
now, open a web browser and type in 192.168.1.240 and wait for the linksys page to come up from your wre54g.....when/if this does come up then you have won the battle!
next, and this is also very important.
in the configuration of your wre54g the ssid must be the same as your router!!!!
otherwise they will not communicate with each other.
also the channels should be the same.
now click on &quot;save setting&quot;, and it this time or shortly there after you should have 2 blue lights on your wre54g.
at this time you can unplug it and place it anywhere in your house!!!
please note: at the time of all this configuration my security on my router was disabled and later also on my expander.
my signal now upstairs is now &quot;excellant&quot; and the signal is maxed out on my xbox 360.....now i have to figure out how to enable my security and at the same time not loose connection to my wre54g.
i hope this was of some help to somebody out there and i appologize for this being so lengthy..... michael if you have any questions or helpful tips for me then please drop me a line..... mjdecker0922@yahoo.com thanks!
