i need a new computer.
i have narrowed it to either the hp d4100e or the dell precision 380. both will have two hard-drives for automatic data backup.
i am customizing either way.
mainly, i am trying to decide on which product is more reliable.
both will cost around $2000; the hp is a little cheaper.
the good thing about dell is that they will send someone to my house to set up and transfer my data from my old computer to my new one.
this is great.
hp won't do this.
i can't do it myself, and it could cost a lot to hire someone.
(this accounts for the difference in price between the two computers -- around $200 for dell to have someone transfer data) i had bought a gateway about 8 months ago, but it did not work very well when i received it.
(kept dumping memory) after a couple of weeks on the phone with gateway and a visit by their tech guy to my house, i sent it back for a full refund.
this was after their set-up guy had spent four hours at my house transferring data.
gateway ate the cost for this when the computer didn't work.
so here i am still with the old, slow computer.
it is a dell dimension -- it has not been great, but at least it is still standing.
its problem is that it is slow and sometimes has error messages.
dell told me four years ago (not long after i bought it) to wipe the hard drive and start over with putting in the operating system.
i didn't do it due to the data transfer problem.
(it is windows millenium) so.... what do i do?
i also want to get a notebook.
i like to use two computers at once.
i have gotten spoiled -- doing research on one while writing on the other.
i was thinking of getting the hp zv6000 notebook.
i have been using an hp zv5000 for the past year (it belongs to someone else), and it has worked ok. but it has to do nothing.
it has hardly any data or programs on it... so my experience may not really count.
last, any other suggestions for comptuers?
although i really hate to start over now.
i plan to get the desktop first, then get a notebook in about a month.
as for what i need.... i write a lot.
i create and work my own websites.
this is hundreds of pages.
i have a lot of photos.
i am taking a photoshop class now, so plan to do more advanced photo work.
i am thinking of getting into podcasting.
i want two hard-drives -- so i can automatically back up my data.
i would die if i lost my files.
a friend told me to get a sony, but it is expensive and does not seem conducivve to customization.
looking for wisdom.
i cannot build a computer -- i can do nothing more than turn the thing on.
thanks, charlotte
