you most likely won't be able to play newer games on the integrated graphics computer, at least not the way they are meant to be presented.
that being said, you should research specifically what motherboard model is installed into the computer you intend on buying to see what sort of upgrade slots are available and open to add a dedicated graphics card to later.
specifically you should look for a pci express x16 slot, although the newer 2.0 standard of this type of card slot will leave available more upgrade options because it is backwards compatible.
after confirming this research what kind of video card is compatible with your motherboard.
some motherboards will only support either nvidia or ati video cards, not both.
while other motherboards will be just fine with whatever you put into them.
you should then pick a video card that is 1) compatible with the mother board, 2) uses the aforementioned pci express x16, (or 2.0 variant should the motherboard support it) 3) has or exceeds the recommended specifications of the most taxing game that you intend to play, and 4) is a recommended model card with good reviews purchased from your favorite online retailer.
purchasing online may be a hassle with the mail, but the prices are generally cheaper, often times with free shipping and no taxes, and with certain retailers you will have better customer service with knowledgeable technicians to assist you.
after confirming all of this information if the price of all of this turns out to be more than you expected, i would suggest you look for a pre-built computer with a dedicated graphics card to begin with if playing games of any sort is your priority.
you'll ultimately save money by getting what you want up front rather than purchasing something that will need upgrading soon.
besides buying parts (like graphics cards) that are last years news can save a ton of money because you can still do most everything that is required at almost 50% of the original price is some instances.
happy hunting!
