hi ray, well i must be honest i am not too familiar with editing software so i am going to give you some general advice that should help you.
since you are creating dvd slide shows you will need an optical drive with writable capability.
if you can afford it you should get one that will write to both standard dvd's and blu-ray.
this will allow you to produce dvd's for a wider variety of players (important if your selling these).
also look for a term called lightscribe.
lightscribe is a method of burning data into dvds.
it also allows you to &quot;print&quot; artwork directly onto a dvd vs having to print out a label and sticking it onto the dvd later.
this is what the pros use and it will give your dvd's a more professional quality.
it doesn't add much more to the cost anyway.
processors are a different matter.
you want the best processor you can afford.
both intel and atheon make good processors.
i would recommend no less than an intel i5 core processor as your minimum (or the atheon equivelant).
the processor is like your computers brain and the faster the processor, the faster your computer.
also make sure that your computer has the appropriate connections for whatever your using to record your pics / movies.
i would recommend no fewer that 4 usb ports.
be nice if it came with an esata port but i don't think that is essential (esata ports are going to be the usb replacements and are much faster that the current usb ports).
if you will be using a camcorder take a look at the cables that came with it and make sure the computer can accomadate them.
if the computer comes with a graphics card it should be able to.
make sure you have a graphics card.
i will be honest, you will have to trust the salesman on this as i don't know too much about graphics cards.
again you will need to get the best you can afford as that will make your editing easier.
as far as computer brands go almost all of the major brands are good.
i don't know too much about the systemax brand other than they sell for cheap.
i would stay away from them.
dell, lenovo / ibm, apple, hp, etc.
are all good.
i will say that everyone i know that works in video /photography has strongly recommended apple and they use apple computers for their editing.
might look into those but they will be expensive.
hope this helps.
