hi all, i am planning on building a new computer from scratch in about 2 months time from now ( july 2010 ) and i was hoping for some input on the specs that i have, so far, come up with.
i have done a reasonable amount of research, though i am somewhat of a noob the computer is to be used primarily for gaming , but also for graphic design & video production .
i'm not really interested in overclocking anything.
i am in australia and i'm planning to order all parts from australia.
my preferred website to order from is pccasegear .
sadly, parts are not cheap over here, and shipping from overseas is expensive.
i'm not interested in overclocking.
my budget is approx.
$5000 usd ($5500 aussie dollars) .
case - coolermaster cm storm sniper black edition i'm open to any suggestions here.
i just want a case that offers excellent airflow and cooling.
cpu - intel i7 980x i'm fixed on getting this.
gpu - 2 x evga nvidia geforce gtx 480 ???
ok, this is something i need advice on.
i absolutely want to run 3 x 24&quot; monitors , and be able to spread both games, and my windows desktop over the three monitors.
so i need 2 gpus.
i want to be able to run each monitor at 1900x1200 , with current games on max settings (don't care if i'm out of date in 6 months from now).
is two 480s overkill?
i'm a bit skeptical about brand new gpus.
perhaps two slightly older atis is a better idea?
i want to avoid over-heating, but i don't want to resort to water cooling.
i'm not interested in 3d .
memory - g.skill 8gb (2x4gb) ddr3 dual channel vs triple channel?
i don't understand the difference, but i want at least 8gb .
if i go triple channel, i will have to go up to 12gb won't i?
as far as i can tell, you can't get 3gb sticks.
if i buy a motherboard that supports triple channel is it bad to only use dual channel on it?
i did some research and the general consensus seems to be that g.skill or corsair are the way to go.
motherboard - asus rampage iii extreme (intel x58) it's brand new, supports the i7 980x, both ati crossfire or nvidia sli, and up to 24gb ram.
seems like a solid choice?
power supply - coolermaster silent pro m1000 1000w - would this handle two gtx480s along with everything else in the computer?
from what i've read elsewhere 1000w should be sufficient.
hard drive - seagate barracuda 1.5tb st31500341as seagate or western digital?
i've scanned a few forums and most posts seemed to indicate that seagate are now slightly better?
monitors - 2 x benq 24&quot; e2420hd (+my old dell 24&quot;) i'm not fussed about getting the latest greatest monitor, i'd rather save money.
as long as it's 24&quot; and it works.
it's not a problem mixing 2 different brands is it?
the dell will sit in the middle to make the setup symmetrical.
and the rest logitech cordless keyboard microsoft sidewinder x8 mouse asus optical drive (all optical drives are pretty much the same no?)
windows 7 premium so what's your opinion guys?
is anything here overkill, or are there any bad bottlenecks?
any brands that i've mentioned that should be avoided?
all suggestions are welcome thanks for taking the time to read this!
cheers guys, dave.
