i don't have disk warrior, but i'll download onyx to it once it finishes backing up to my external.
i started backing it up hours ago, but i guess i expected too much of a ppc processor due to the fact that i'm used to dual-cores.
with about 12gb to go as i type this, it's going to take another 4 hours... some apps work, some don't because the registartion codes and what-not were removed, and some only work with .mac.
some things on it are completely junk.
but here's what gets me.
i did not delete the original admin account, and instead, i created a second one when i got this machine.
when i go to the users folder now, it has the original admin's folder with a red sign and the permissions and ownerships change when i try to reset them to the original.
of course now, the folder fixed itself... and i also figured out that if i attempt to change my short name to something else, i get a folder that keeps popping back in the users folder.
so i stopped that.
you say intel version of os x. however, apple only offers one version that works for both, so it's curious that they would put just the intel version on a set of install disks.
but, i can understand that since they came with an intel machine.
i think it's worth a try because many of the ilife apps are ancient, or appear to be.
i think it's ilife '05 but it needs an overhaul.
but the license agreement with the disk prohibits me from having more copies of it so i'm not going to.
i'll wait for leopard.
well, if it's safe to just delete all the unwanted/non-functional software, i'll get rid of it.
i'll also delete the extra admin, as it is no longer used.
for some reason, it had imovie hd on it but with a ?
mark in the dock when i purchased a while ago.
nowhere on it was imovie hd, so i wonder why the previous owner may have had it on there and took it off... oh well.
thanks.
by the way, is there some way that i can erase both users and have a brand new one, and reset it without disks?
i doubt it, but that would really help me out.
thanks again, -bmf
