you say ''bingo.
two corrupted drives for the price of one.''
only in certain cases, which i pointed out, but not the majority of the time.
and the corruption is to the same data -- no differeence than had that data been on a single drive, and no difference in recovering it.
as i said, if the data is corrupted before the write process, it naturally will be corrupt on both drives.
however , if an error occurs during the actual process of writing to a drive -- and you know this does sometimes happen -- the data will be corrupt only on that drive, but not on the other one.
i cited as an example this very thing happening to me earlier this year on our server.
another important aspect of raid 1 is the protection in event of a complete disk failure -- perhaps a menchanical crash or a fried circuit board; this almost always involves only one drive of the pair.
now, instead of sending your one drive off for data recovery at a cost of several hundred dollars, you simply install the new drive, restore from the mirror, and you are back in business in a short time.
you may say that you can accomplish this with acronis true image, norton ghost, or some other software.
true, but you must make an effort to do it, and there is a lag in data of hours or days, depending on your schedule of backups.
i am not saying you do not need separate backups if you have raid; you most certainly do.
you need the protection in case both drives become corrupt or inoperable (perhaps a direct lightning strike, a fire, or some other disaster), and you do need off-site storage for important data.
but when only one of the drives fails, the more common situation, it generally is much faster and easier to restore the system from a raid mirror than from a drive image on some other media, and it also is up to the minute.
you are never worse off with raid 1 configuration than with a single drive, and you may be much better off in event of a disaster.
but as you said, it is your data and your call.
if you don't want the extra protection and convenience, so be it -- no one will force it on you.
nuff said frank
