so, i had an earlier post here, asking if a custom-built desktop i wanted to buy was a good deal.
it was, so i bought it with some changes: the seller/builder traded out the 500gb hard drive for a 1tb, and, because i already have windows 7 ultimate x64, he left the os blank.
i received the tower yesterday (friday), and set it up today.
as it turns out, loading the nvidia gforce gt 430 video card is having disastrous results: the card crashes constantly and restarts... then finally freezes all together and bsod's the computer so thoroughly that i have to do a 5-second shut down to turn it off.
i have installed, uninstalled and reinstalled the driver(s) more than once.
i totally wiped the os, cleared the drive, reloaded the os and reinstalled the drivers--all with the same result.
surfing, opening folders, sending stuff to recycle--doesn't matter.
the card crashes randomly, the screen goes black then comes back, then the whole works eventually freezes, blue screens and requires a switch shut down.
i ran hw monitor to see if the video card was running hot, but it never got above 42c.
in fact, it was at 31c when the whole system froze up and crashed this last time.
the builder/seller says the card was working perfectly when he ran win7 home on it, and i have no reason to disbelieve him.
if i haven't even loaded any of the video/graphic intensive programs we need to use and it's acting like this, however, what will happen the first time i load and open gimp or serif?
at this point, i have two options: either send back the computer (from california to virginia), or find and install a video card that will work with the specs below.
nvidia's website is no help, all the places i've googled are no help, and the seller/builder is as dismayed as i am.
the computer seems otherwise quite good--but i must be able to use it with the various video and graphics programs we have.
with that in mind, does anyone have any suggestions for a video card that will work with the specs as listed below?
i can spend up to $175--but would rather not.
the card has to be able to handle some fairly intensive video work, but nothing wowish, if you get my meaning... anyway, thanks in advance for any advice for either a fix, and/or suggestions for a new video card.
the current specs: processor: intel core i5-2320 sandy bridge 3.0ghz (3.3ghz turbo boost) 1mb l2 cache & 6mb l3 cache socket lga 1155 quad-core processor motherboard: biostar h61mgc lga 1155 micro atx intel motherboard 4 x rear usb 2.0 ports 2 x pci-e x1 slot video: pny nvidia geforce 430 gt (fermi) 1gb ddr3 128-bit pci express graphics card 1xvga port, 1xdvi port, 1xhdmi port core clock: 700mhz shader clock: 1400mhz memory: 8gb (2x4gb) team elite ddr3 1333 gaming/high performance ram hard drive: 1tb seagate barracuda 7200rpm 16mb cache operating system: windows 7 ultimate 64-bit (my copy) optical drive: samsung multiformat dvd burner 2xusb ports, 2xaudio ports power supply: raidmax 500-watt power supply w/2x80mm fans
