11605	0	558762	5288234	NR	hylianprincess7	3/19/12 4:13 AM	1.33213038E12	Interesting problem with my PC Power supply? (LONG/detailed)	Alright... This happened a few years ago, but the &quot;case&quot; has been unsolved, so it still bugs me, and I want to find out what the deal is. I had a Dell computer with Windows XP. It ran great, with the exceptioon that the duel-core pentium could not stand up to my nearly full 200 Gig Samsung hard disk, and it would, on rare occasions (and I mean RARE), freeze. I noticed one day it was getting pretty dusty inside, so I took it apart to clean it. And no, I'm not stupid (I'm certified in computer hardware). I know for a fact that every single wire was hooked up fully, and properly to their corresponding components. I checked before, during, and after the time span my air compressor was in use. I got it spick and span, and once again, checked all cords and any connection I could spot, and made sure it was proprly placed. I set up my computer, and I turned it on. I waited, ... And I waited.... Until I finally noticed that nothing had kicked on, but I could hear SOMETHING inside. There were no lights with the exception of the pilot light on the back of the power supply. I had just bought my power supply a month prior, so I'm pretty sure it was still in top condition. I removed my side panel and inspected. My front fan was not on, my power supply fan was NOT running, despite the fact that the power supply pilot was green, and my motherboard light was out. The ONLY thing that was running was the CPU fan. I couldn't turn my power off by pressing the front switch either. I had no choice but to manually shut it down by unplugging it. There was no smoke, no flame, no spark. Just... well... nothing running. I tried it a second time, and it did it again. I was definitely nervous that something had happened to my motherboard or power supply by now. Just to be safe, I removed my hard drive and RAM sticks, and tested them in another computer to make sure nothing was shorted. Everything worked fine, including the power supply after I removed/tested it. So one last time, I pressed the switch. And voila.~ Everything booted up just fine. This lasted a good half a year, and then the process repeated. What's the deal? Would it be a faulty power supply? I'd really like to know. Thanks! -Misty
11605	1	558762	5288285	5288234	Willy	3/19/12 8:14 AM	1.33214484E12	Clarification request: It's broken	I can't give a definite answer but find this happens quite often. In fact as techs, calls to such problems are common. Yet, when the tech boots up the PC it just goes away. More importantly, the problem doesn't return or get a call back. Basically, you consider this a fluke and leave it at that. No one is going to pay to actually find the issue but get the PC going. It's far cheaper to replace parts and leave once its running. Understand, while a PC is somewhat complex, these are running components that require little in voltages and minor amps and the PSU is core to get it all going. Even, under stress conditions it will do fine until it poops out. When all is said and done, OEM based PCs are build to mirror their needs thus various models out there. Those PCs that become stressed and they will generally under the &quot;logical boot sequence&quot; depend on the events of power-ON to happen. If not meant, refuse to complete the cycle. The results can be confusing at least but generally speaking a repeated attempts do result in a good boot. Which in turn suggest a bad PSU or faltering one. The other half is the mtrbd. which house the &quot;logical ckts&quot; and again if less than desired will refuse to boot. I like to think the &quot;uuphf&quot; isn't there or a weakness becomes apparent. Those PCs that house top-end GPUs also will partake in poor booting. they require alot to get going but once booted, generally will reboot on demand unless too stressed. Again, notice the pattern that a basic PC if put into stressful conditions may falter. At the same time, PCs that are left alone and ONLY do basic operations, will after time falter too due to wear&tear as they age, they're less than they were when new. PCs offered today are simple and build for less cost as possible even if of qulaity alot has to work right and often. Even the most expensive build PC still uses off-the-shelf parts, these are not the computers in the world of main frames past and alike. Think of of the typical PC as an appliance and you'll see where it all leads. IMHO, I offered this scenario for your quest. Otherwise, since you mentioned you were a tech, get the test devices and scopes and tear it all down and find the cause and rely it to us. adios ------Willy
