13686	0	567772	5334250	NR	jhortonyoung	7/11/12 1:58 PM	1.34201508E12	I Will Never Buy Another Motorola Product	This is message I sent to the head of marketing at Motorola. This sums it up: I am every consumer tech companies dream customer. I'm the early adapter who pays top dollar in order to get the newest tech as soon as it comes out. I also used to be a Motorola customer, however, Motorola has done everything in its power to alienate customers like me. I was one of the Droid Bionic customers Motorola purposely screwed over. First they delayed the launch for months. Then they launched it knowing they were going to launch the Razr, a superior product, in two months for the same price. I paid a premium price to get a premium product and ended up with lower end tech. Now, I have to wait for the Ice Cream Sandwich update because, of course, the Razr is getting it first . I don't need to hear about how quickly things become obsolete in the tech world. I've been an early adapter since the they came out with the Commodore 64. I accept how quickly the tech product life cycle runs. Two months had nothing to do with life cycle, this was Motorola screwing customers to make up for poor product planning. I was in product marketing, development and management for twenty years. This was just short sighted and stupid on Motorolas part. I know a number of Bionic owners that have sworn off Motorola because of this stunt. Even with the Bionic debacle, however, I was willing to give Motorola a break. That is until I went to upgrade my Xoom tablet to 4G. When Verizon came out with their Data Share Plan a couple weeks ago, I decided to upgrade my Xoom and connect it to Verizons 4G LTE service. Prevously, Verizons data plans didn't make this cost effective and I wasn't going to be without my Xoom for a week in order to upgrade it when I wasn't using the service. Besides, there was nothing said about a deadline for upgrading the device when I bought it. Imagine my surprise when I went to upgrade my Xoom and was told Motorola decided they were no longer doing upgrades! And of course in another example of Motorola's brilliant product planning, they do this just as Verizon comes out with a plan that makes upgrading the device worthwhile. Here's the long and short of it. I paid a premium for a device that was 4G upgradable so I had this option when I needed it. Now I want the upgrade I paid for. I have bought a lot of tech and have never been this angry at a manufacturer or service provider.
13686	1	567772	5334238	5334250	R. Proffitt	7/11/12 2:54 PM	1.34201844E12	Let me lay it out for you.	Phones and tablets are not upgradeable today when compared to our PCs. Also, the plan is for the life span of the phone or tablet to be 2 or less years. There. I've written the dirty secret in plain words for folk to read. Bob
