5648	0	178108	1953294	NR	johndsparks	5/22/06 3:18 PM	1.14831108E12	Laptop kills batteries!	I've got an HP Pavillion ZT1175 that eats batteries. This machine worked great for more than a year on its first &quot;factory&quot; battery. The operating time on that battery eventually got down to minutes, at which time I ordered a new battery from one of the large www supply places. That battery worked fine at first, charging and discharging normally. After about a month, however, the computer just completely shut down in the middle of a task while working on a partly charged battery. After that, the battery would not charge at all. The orange light came on when the charger was re-connected and remained orange for about 12 hours, indicating that the battery was charging, but the light eventually turned red, indicating that the battery was no good. Though it worked find on the charger/power supply, the computer never ran on the battery, even briefly. I returned the new battery under warranty and got another, which almost exactly duplicated the behavior of the first replacement. The battery manufacturer reluctantly supplied a THIRD replacement, with a strong statement that the problem must not be in the battery but in the laptop and a refusal to provide another battery. The third replacement, of course, has followed exactly the same pattern as the first two. The charging circuit on the laptop appears to be working correctly. As noted, the orange light comes on when the battery is installed and stays on for a normal charging period (~12 hours). Then, however, the light turns red, indicating a bad battery. After the first month of normal operation, the machine will not operate on the battery under any circumstances. It works fine on the regular power supply, but the battery doesn't appear to charge at all. The machine gets normally warm when it's operating, but the battery does not get warm at all. It appears to me and the local gurus I've talked to that I've just gotten three bad batteries and that a good battery will solve the problem. Since the manufacturer refuses to provide another under warranty, I'd like some assurance that the problem isn't in the laptop. I've cleaned the battery contacts, which look fine, with all kinds of super contact cleaners, with no improvement at least with the remaining apparently dead battery. In order to check further, I need the &quot;pinout&quot; for the battery connector. None of our local computer shops have been able to find that info and I haven't found it on the web either. Previous experience with HP help (their only answer to this problem is, of course, replace the battery) has led me to conclude that I'm more likely to get a source for the pinout and a possible real answer to the problem by submitting the question to your online gurus. I welcome suggestions!! Aloha from Kona.
5648	1	178108	1953456	1953294	linkit	5/22/06 4:41 PM	1.14831606E12	recalibration	Your model might be newer, and thus, the batteries don't need to be recalibrated, but some do. This is necessary when the battery has a large charge, but the computer thinks the battery has little or none life left. An excerpt from HP's manual for that computer: ''To maintain maximum battery capacity and accuracy of the battery gauge, perform this calibration procedure every few months: 1. Click Start, Programs (or All Programs), Hewlett-Packard, Notebook, HP Battery Optimizer. 2. Follow the displayed instructions to test and condition your battery. The process could take 4-6 hours or more per battery. You can use the computer during the process. If you interrupt the process, the battery might be left with a low charge.'' Also, sometimes this battery recalibration option is found in the system BIOS menu.
5648	2	178108	1953665	1953456	johndsparks	5/22/06 6:49 PM	1.14832374E12	Recalibration Doesn't work	Thanks for the suggestion, but I already tried the calibration. When I go to the &quot;HP Battery Optimizer&quot; in the &quot;Power Options&quot; menu, I get an initial message that &quot;the selected battery is not supported or is not working properly&quot;. If I click &quot;OK&quot; and then click on &quot;battery details&quot;, the resulting table says that the &quot;static data&quot; are &quot;not available&quot;, the &quot;historic data&quot; are &quot;cycle count=9; Max error=100;Full charge capacity=4000 mah&quot; and the &quot;Dynamic Data&quot; are &quot;current = 0 ma; voltage = 11264 mv; Remaining capacity = 250 mah&quot;. It won't let me test or calibrate the battery, I presume since it's &quot;not supported&quot;. Since the system is apparently reading a voltage on the battery, I took the battery out of the computer and checked with a small-probe DVOM. Sure enough, there IS about 11.4 V between what I assume is the ground pin (separated on the right from the others) and the fourth pin to the left of the separation (logically, these might be pins 1 and 5??). I guess I'll now try to find if I can draw some current from the battery through a suitable resistor. The strange thing is that the computer has not worked using this remaining battery for several months, so I had just assumed that the battery is bad - as indicated by the red light on the charging circuit. Maybe it is just a bad battery/charger connector - either on the computer or on the battery, or maybe just the connection between them, though I cleaned them pretty carefully, which usually would solve such a problem at least enough to give some intermittent indication of an improvement - and that hasn't happened. Sure would help to have a schematic of the charging/monitoring circuit including a pinout of the connector! Thanks again for the help! Still seeking! Aloha!
