2506	0	515665	5073997	NR	supermaltese	1/31/11 3:34 AM	1.29644484E12	Laptop shuts down unexpectedly	So I ran into an interesting problem today. I tweaked a couple settings in my registry concerning the wait timeouts during system shut down because my shut down time has been like 8 minutes for a week or so. Everything seemed to be fine. I also created a new user profile, gave it Admin level authority, and deleted my other three profiles because I was getting internal error 1606 and failed on fixing from several angles. When I rebooted after the update for the new IE9 beta my laptop booted up, did the post and then shut down. Odd. So I pushed the power button to start it up again and it acted the same way. It did fine, all the correct and usual sounds, the fans working, and then, just when it should have shown the Vista splash, it just shut down. Ok. So I had put in the Hiren's Boot CD because when I deleted those three profiles I wasn't able to delete all of them. So, I was thinking I would just boot from the HBCD and delete those files before booting the OS. Wrong. I was at a loss. I left it alone for a few minutes and got online with my wife's laptop to google auto shut downs shortly after start-up and came up with a lot of possibilities that I am pretty sure aren't applicable here. Maybe I've got a bad cluster in my boot sector? Maybe I've got a virus in my bios, ram or boot sector? Maybe my HD is about to quit on me? After a few minutes I powered up my laptop again and it went as far as giving me two choices, one was start up repair and the other was something else and I don't remember. Anyway, so I chose start up repair or windows start up recovery repair...something like that. They're labeled differently depending on which manufacturer built it. I've got a Toshiba Sattalite A215, Vista Home Premium, and the AMD Athlon 64 cpu. So into the recovery it went and it asked me if I wanted to do a system restore, I said yes. I was skeptical because I figure the problem isn't a software conflict but rather one of the three I mentioned above. It took like 30 minutes to do the system restore which really, really, really made me twich. I thought for sure it must be hung and stuck on some bad sector...but it finally finished and rebooted. And I made it all the way into Windows without a hitch. So at this point I was hoping it was really just a software conflict after all. But, I still had the issue with those files I need to delete that are taking up several GBs of wasted space on my HD and I have no way of getting rid of them. So, there I went, another attempt to boot the HBCD. FAILED!!! I managed to boot the HBCD just fine. I ran HD Sentinel and it said temp was perfect, but the HD health was 94%. I'm not sure where the health should be and I did but this laptop used from the pawn shop a couple of months ago so I don't know how old it is and what it's been through. If the life span of a typical HD is 6 years then it should take at least 4.5 to 5 years to begin experiencing troublesome noises or intermittent failures, right? So anyway, I finished the HD Sentinel and was trying to figure out which program I wanted to run since it's been a while since I ran any of them when all of a sudden my comp just shut down! Sigh! So I pushed the power button and attempted it again, this time I made it as far as the menu to choose one of the HD utilities but not far enough to actually run one of them before it shut down again. I made one more attempt, this time I didn't make it as far as even booting the HBCD before it shut down. I then attempted to boot Windows again and succeeded. And now, as I am typing, I am still powered up and running on that same boot without it having shut down again yet. Is there something wrong with my HD? How do I proceed with troubleshooting this issue and if it is the HD I have a couple of questions about hard drives. My hard drive is a sata/150 but what does the 150 stand for? My hard drive is a 150GB and if my HD is on the fritz I would like to upgrade to the biggest one available. Can I install a sata/300? It's a 500GB for only $49 and it would just tickle me pink to have that much HD space available. Back to my currect woes. I do not have sufficient system access (even as Administrator) to delete the remaining files within those three dead profiles. How can I get around this odd glitch and delete these files from within Windows Vista?
2506	1	515665	5073998	5073997	supermaltese	1/31/11 3:44 AM	1.29644544E12	CACLS	Failed C:\Users&gt;cacls owner C:\Users\Owner &lt;Account Domain not found&gt;F NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM:F BUILTIN\Administrators:F &lt;Account Domain not found&gt;(OI)(CI)(IO)F NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM:(OI)(CI)(IO)F BUILTIN\Administrators:(OI)(CI)(IO)F &lt;Account Domain not found&gt;(OI)(CI)R &lt;Account Domain not found&gt;(OI)(CI)R MATTBALL\Matthew:(OI)(CI)R C:\Users&gt;cacls owner /g matthew:f Are you sure (Y/N)?y Access is denied. C:\Users&gt; C:\Users&gt;cacls owner C:\Users\Owner &lt;Account Domain not found&gt;F NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM:F BUILTIN\Administrators:F &lt;Account Domain not found&gt;(OI)(CI)(IO)F NT AUTHORITY\SYSTEM:(OI)(CI)(IO)F BUILTIN\Administrators:(OI)(CI)(IO)F &lt;Account Domain not found&gt;(OI)(CI)R &lt;Account Domain not found&gt;(OI)(CI)R MATTBALL\Matthew:(OI)(CI)R C:\Users&gt; To be clear here, there is ONLY one user profile: Matthew
2506	2	515665	5074011	5073998	supermaltese	1/31/11 3:54 AM	1.29644604E12	Success	Ok, oddly enough, I had neglected to go to Share and grant myselft the Full Control privilege. I had only granted full control to the group Administrators but at the same time had denied my self as a user all but Read. ha ha So now that I have deleted the seemingly impossible-to-delete files I have more brain power to dedicate to why my laptop shuts down when I do anything besides normal boot. Oh, by the way, it also shuts down in CMOS. I can be there for 1 to 2 minutes, no more, and it just shuts down. And as I type I am still up and running. I haven't shut down since booting all the way into Windows. odd, very odd
