10183	0	288544	2734113	NR	rusticman	3/20/08 3:15 PM	1.2060261E12	strange SATA HD problem: OS WONT BOOT (sometimes)	this is a transfer from the msi google group. not many people there, so i am hoping the good folks here can bring the expertise and help me out of a bind i may have put myself in. hello. i installed a 2nd hard drive and now my homemade PC has a boot issue. upon 1st hard power-on and then soft power-on, it gets through post, but then a black screen instead of XP pro. i then have to hard power off. heres the strange part: i can then turn the PC on and boot Just Fine! (after selecting &quot;start windows normally&quot;) the new drive is: Samsung HD753LJ 750GB SATA2 7200rpm 32mb HARD DRIVE. it is auto going to third master. my main HD is the secondary master (IDE). there is no primary master. i have formatted and used the drive already in windows when it boots. i have some vital info on there because i am unwise. the mainboard is: MSI K8N Neo with a AMD athalon 3000+ -no overclocking to my knowledge. during the 1st attempt at boot , if i try to enter BIOS. something in the pc makes a crazy buzzing. then the whole thing freezes during IDE detection. also during the 1st attempt at boot, once frozen, soft power button may not work. and soft resets do not cause the PC to boot porperly. only HARD power-off and then on. later.. hi again. i thought i had it licked but the issue slowly came back. -eliminated some components in the pc to free up power -removed the jumper from my ide (boot drive) -changed the sata channel -the sata drive is on its own power cable -windows xp still does not boot sometimes. -sometimes windows will hang WHILE the splash screen is fading in. -tonight while using the pc and working off the ide drive, windows flashed a delayed write error for the sata drive. the computer slowed down quite a bit. we turned it off to reboot. and then the sata drive would make clicking and high whirring noises and cause the pc to lock up during post. several hard off-ons later it still did not start. i am hoping tomorrow it will so i can save some data. i saw some reviewers said that this sata drive has compatibility issues with nvidia chipsets. i am having trouble finding info about this. can someone help? i saw someone Disabled NCQ with the the 15.08 nforce drivers. what does that mean? will that help me? how do i do this? also, someone told me to try clearing the bios. does that mean restoring defaults? would clearing the cmos help?
10183	1	288544	2734420	2734113	Willy	3/21/08 3:28 AM	1.20607008E12	Check into...	Its not uncommon to have a &quot;black screen&quot; just before you see windoze display booting. During that black screen time it is working but may not appear so. You will notice that with only 1 HD present as before but the time will be short. One cure, just let it take the time it needs and check results after 2-5 added minutes. If no go, then verify you have proper jumpers/setting for a dual(multiple) HD setup. You may have a psu issue. Under a cold start of initial boot-up where it has to get things going, there isn't enough &quot;phummff/power&quot; to spin in a timely fashion all devices, etc.., a warm reboot or on/off cycle gets you there. In this case, you have to replace the psu with a higher wattage unit to better handle this. Also, usage of IDE&SATA drives causes windoze abit longer anyways as it sorts things out during, it just does. Also, be sure you're using the latest bios update. In this light you should verify you entered the proper SATA driver to use in windoze. Try all that.. tada -----Willy
