14142	0	516818	5080216	NR	dantewilhelm	2/11/11 4:23 AM	1.29739818E12	Problem Booting From CD	Hello, I recently changed some user policy options when I was told I didn't have admin rights upon trying to run a game. I clicked onto user accounts and I am the only user and am a computer administrator. I changed the policy so I and only I have access to everything. That created a problem, for the last three years I have only had to press enter or escape at the login screen and therefore have not needed to enter a password. Now it says the policy of this machine does not allow you to log on interactively. So I downloaded ophcrack which you boot from CD upon startup to crack your password. I have changed the BIOS settings accordingly but I get this message when selecting CD at the boot options screens boot device not available. My DVD drive barely opens, it cannot write just read and makes creaking noises and a LOT of noise like a fan. I tried the CD in the PC I'm typing from now and it seems to run fine, in the broken PC it does the noise where a CD is being loaded and then slows down a lot like revving a car engine, builds up then down. I have not tried loading the CD on my other PC as I don't want to change the BIOS settings but I think it may work. So, is it the DVD ROM drive that is at fault? Dell precision 470 Windows Pro SP3 5 years old or so, has had parts break before. If any of you have had boot device not available and fixed it through replacing the DVD drive let me know as I am locked out of my own computer and want this solved quickly but don't want to go buying anything which won't solve the issue! Lastly, which DVD drive is compatible with my Dell Precision 470? Dante.
14142	1	516818	5080272	5080216	Willy	2/11/11 6:57 AM	1.29740742E12	Basic tests...	Eliminate the widoze side and just get a &quot;live version of Linux&quot;, like Ubuntu. You can use any Linux as long as it a live version which runs from the CD alone. Burn the .ISO image properly to the CD/DVD and be sure the bios has CD drive as 1st boot device and then power-ON or reboot the PC. That way, you can test the CD drive alone and allow it to complete its boot. If the CD does boot but is a proper working bootable disc, then the CD drive is bad in some way. You should try the bootable disc on another PC to verify it works. If it works, etc., on the problem PC, then the windoze is hosed somehow. Since, this is XP, you can try the &quot;repair option&quot; from the windoze disc. Since you mention some &quot;crack&quot; s/w I just hope you don't have other issues at work here. No matter what you think, you need to verify the PC is clean, so AV scan or any other malware detection pgm. should be used. Hopefully, you can boot into &quot;safe mode&quot; and try using networking option as well and then use either CD disc(another test) or USB flash drive with scanning/malware s/w in order to scan your system. In most cases just to save time and effort, just get a new drive and install. More often than not, the drive is kaput at 5yrs. old will often be the case. Don't take anything for granted, flaky operation is a sign of old age and/or weak components, etc.. tada -----Willy
