5242	0	48990	582404	NR	sprucey	12/2/04 3:22 PM	1.10200092E12	Problems booting up pc	Hi Please can somebody offer me some advice, i am trying to fix a friends pc, the computer wont boot up, the power light is coming on and the cpu fan is working, the hard drive is making some slight noises but is making no bleeping sounds. I have put a working hard drive in the pc but this makes no difference. I am a relative newbie at this so I am stuck for ideas on what to try next. The light on the floppy drive is not working but the cd rom seems to be working fine. The graphics card etc is built into the motherboard. Im not sure of the computers spec because my friend was given the pc by another friend who hasnt used it for a couple of months but assures him it was working fine the last time he used it. I presume the montherboard is broke but not 100% sure. Thanks
5242	1	48990	582765	582404	Ray Harinec	12/2/04 6:48 PM	1.10201328E12	need to define what you mean	by Hard Drive. The hard drive is NOT something that makes bleeping noises, so it is obvious we may not understand each other. By bleeping noises, do you you mean the single beep that many computers make when booting, and multiple beeps if somthing is wrong? When you turn the power on is there anything at all on the monitor?? The hard drive is a device that is connected to the mobo by a ribbon cable to the Primary IDE port [connector]. To troubleshoot it is necessary to strip the systewm down to the bare minimum. Thus: Disconnect the power and signal cables from all drives, remove any cards. What does the CPU look like? Is it basically a flat square device plugged into a socket laying flat on the mobo or is it one that is plugged vertically into the mobo like a big card. We really need to know the configuration of the CPU to help troubleshoot. How many sticks of memory are there? For troubleshooting we want to use one stick [unless they are SIMMs which require a pair in order to work]. As I type this I realize that we must get a better idea of what vintage system we are working with. [but stripping down to only the CPU [and its heatsink/fan [HSF], memory,the monitor, the power supply plugged into only the mobo, no keyboard, no mouse. The front panel connections to the mobo should all still be connected. That's the configuration to start working with. If that doesn't work, there is zero reason to connect anything else. By work, the system should boot and the only thing you will see on the monitor is the opening screen which gives the BIOS info. Also need to know if the system is an AT or ATX type. The ATX types are those that when you shut down [when it was working] does it shut itself off or do you get the screen which says the &quot;it is safe to turn off your computer&quot;?? Can you give us any idea what make or type of computer it is, how old it is? Can you look for any indentifying numbers, letters or names on the mobo and let us know. Make no assumptions as to what is wrong, lets troubleshoot. Mobo broke is a very general statement with very little useful meaning.
