11215	0	520001	5097066	NR	jevenew	3/10/11 12:42 PM	1.29976092E12	Strange power related problem	I have a small perplexing problem on an older desktop that has me puzzled. The tower is running WinXP Pro, SP3, ASUS A7N8X, AMD 1.8 Ghz CPU, 2Gb RAM, and is powered by ANTEC 350W PSU. I have had it in service quite some time. The problem is that the power switch does not work on the case as advertised. When I would power on the computer, it would run momentarily, and shut off by itself. When I started looking for the cause, I found out that the board would power up even without the front panel being connected. I have removed the board from the case, unplugged all except fans and CPU, and as soon as the PSU is plugged in, the board powers up. I have changed power supplies; same results. I am now using the tower by first turning off the rocker switch on the PSU, plugging in the power cord, resetting the rocker switch, and then pushing the front panel power switch. I would seem at first blush that there is a power cap building up some kind of charge on the MB that prevents the board from operating normal, and by unplugging the power cord, it allows the charge to bleed off. Other than this problem, there is nothing wrong with the system, and performs all tasks as needed, and will even restart with the front panel switch or the on screen tab. Any comments.
11215	1	520001	5097240	5097066	Willy	3/10/11 6:13 PM	1.29978078E12	Not solid failure	I currently have a similar problem. It will boot-up once the AC cord is plugged in. It does however, after that turn ON/OFF by the frt. sw. as it should. Mine also, squeals when I pull the plug. I guess that's either the cap bleeding through the speaker or the cap itself. While, I haven't found any physical damage, I live with it. I suspect, the bios has something to do with it as there are various power-ON modes and being an older PC could reflect a less than capable component starting to fail. Yet, so far w/o super troubleshooting, I allow it to to behave as described. It did have a heat problem which I resolved by re-applying heatsink compound to the cpu. I also, cleaned it well and the aftermarket 120mm fan was installed wrong, IMO. I suspect due to heat stress that some component is easily tipped when any power is applied from AC. -OR- it has a hot key which I yet to find. This was an older gaming PC and I think its showing it had better days. If you like remove the frt. panel ON/OFF connection and see if it works w/o it attached. If it does you have a similar problem. The sw. needs only to momentarily be touched at connection contacts to power-ON/OFF, check it out. The other half of a bad PSU is the logic ON/OFF ckt. which is part of ATX setup being part of the mtrbd. You really can't fix it in most cases as its mtrbd. issue. S the components are SMC type, it gets to be too much and getting parts is another issue. Unless, you want to play with it, check the mtrbd. main power leads for any discoloration and/or shorts, etc., these need not be great short, but a simple bent over lead, etc.. I use magnifying glass as these truly have to be viewed closely. A logic probe or Oscope helps too. tada -----Willy
