10640	0	24713	272671	NR	Unknown	6/3/04 11:23 AM	1.08626178E12	XP Pro peer to peer/server to server network	I have two computers with XP Pro linked by a crossover cable. I just want both computers in my office to read and write each others files and copy files back and forth like I used to with win98 where each computer could act as a server to the other one. Mostly word processing files. After all my attempts and hiring 2 networking experts who couldn't make it work. We've tried opening up sharing and making the users share, etc with no avail. We could ping each other and finally could recognize each other but could then got read only restrictions so I couldn't write over a file. I have spent over a hundred hours going into the administrators and users and areas behind them to allow sharing to no avail. When I open up file sharing on a directory I want to share it says read only. I switch it away from read only and then when I check it again it says read only again. The computers switch back on their own. Each computer has its own modem for individual dial up access. I have also noticed that even though both have xp pro w/sp-1 they seem to have some different file sharing screens come up on each computer for some odd reason. One computer just had a hard drive crash. I wished I could have made them network before to cross save the data but anyway I want to try again with the new hard drive and new xppro install. I have reset up networking on the new drive using the same workgroup name and did the file sharing but now they won't even recognize each other or ping each other by name or IP address. Question #1. Is it possible to make these computers read and write to each other's files, etc? This is a small office just using Word, wordperfect, excel, etc. The two experts I had say they can do it for others and charged me a bunch for trying on mine. Question #2. I know this is too deep of a problem to get a quick and simple answer here but are there any websites that can walk me through this? Question #3. Would using a switchable router help? I have one on my home computers sharing dsl but I can't get them to network either and there one is xppro and one is xphome. Thanks in advance.
10640	1	24713	272679	272671	R. Proffitt	6/3/04 11:28 AM	1.08626208E12	Re:XP Pro peer to peer/server to server network	In no uncertain terms -&gt; It does work. The most common gaffe I see is &quot;crossover&quot; cables, no assigning of valid IP addresses (you didn't tell if you did this and it is not automatic), plus people install a firewall before the network is working. http://www.wown.com has all I need to know to get this to work, but if one has no IP address assigned or doens't know if such is &quot;valid&quot; and well, the list goes on. Did you install a firewall? Did you know that turning the usual firewall off still can cause filesharing to fail? Bob
