11181	0	53103	633129	NR	blizeH	12/24/04 4:56 PM	1.10390736E12	DVD-RW Problems	Hi, fitted a NEC ND-3500 DVD-RW the other day and finally got around to testing it. It shows up fine in my computer, but when I insert any type of media (CD-Rom, Blank CD-R, Blank DVD-R) into it the system grinds to a halt, everything takes ages to load up, if it loads up at all (mouse etc freezes for 10 seconds at a time). I was going to update the drivers, but if there's a disc in the drive during the system boot up that freezes too as soon as it leaves the BIOS, it just seems totally screwed. I haven't tried anything yet because quite frankly I don't hvae a clue where to start, I assume it's not a problem with the cables or jumper settings because the drive does kinda work. It's not actually present in 'My Computer' until I insert a CD, in which case it appears and then freezes up, it'll then remain as a DVD-RW for a bit but randomly dissapears again for no good reason. I've got a cheap Ebuyer PSU (500w) with a lot of stuff being ran on it (DVD Drive, DVD-RW 3 Case Fans, Case Front Panel, 2 HDD, Decent CPU Fan etc) which I guess could be causing the problem? I know I'll be hard pushed for suggestions over the next couple of days, but it has to be worth a shot
11181	1	53103	633659	633129	TONI H	12/25/04 4:35 AM	1.1039493E12	Some possible solutions	to start trouble-shooting....you didn't mention which version windows you have, but VARIOUS CDROM 'NOT WORKING' OR 'MISSING FROM DEVICE MANAGER' SOLUTIONS WINDOWS DRIVER UPDATE PROBLEMS: I see a pattern where many of us have gone to the windows update site and said yes to updating our driver which in turn has caused us to lose use of our CD Roms and Rewriters. Easiest way to get rid of this is to go into Programs &gt; Accessories &gt;System Information&gt; Tools &gt; Update Wizard Uninstall. Take out the Intel Driver Update and it will restore your system back to its good old normal self. You can do this also for other hardware driver updates that the Update Center has suggested you get. If that hasn't fixed it, do the following: If using W98 or higher, go to Device Manager,click the IDE controller that's the 'parent' of the Primary and Secondary, click Properties, and change it from 'default' to 'enable both controllers' (For W95 and higher) Now go to RUN, type REGEDIT, click Edit, click Find, type NOIDE and click Find Now. When the entry shows up on the right hand side, right click that entry and choose Delete. Click EDIT again, click Find, typeBADIDE and click FIND NOW. If BADIDE shows in the right pane, right click on it and delete it too. Close the Registry. (for W98 and ME) Now go to RUN again, type MSCONFIG, and look at the autoexec.bat and config.sys tabs....any statement line that shows a reference to the cdrom and DOES NOT say REM at the beginning of the line should be unchecked. Close MSCONFIG and reboot the computer. (for W95) Go to RUN, type SYSEDIT, and look at the autoexec.bat and config.sys windows....any statement line that shows a reference to the cdrom and DOES NOT say REM at the beginning of the line should be edited. Put your mouse cursor at the beginning of the line, click it once to get the blinking cursor, type REM and a space. Close the window and save the changes when you're asked. Reboot the computer. MORE things to try: My CD drives have vanished (from Explorer, Device Manager, etc.) This happens quite often if one of the third-party packages has been uninstalled. They add references in the Registry for modules which they use, and these references fail to be removed, leaving Windows unable to find the files apparently needed for CD devices at the next boot. There is a simple Registry patch to correct this called cdgone.zip (download: http://www.aumha.org/downloads/cdgone.zip automatic download when link is clicked). Before using the patch, be sure to back up the Registry. After using the patch and rebooting, the drives should reappear. Any third party package that is still required will then need to be re-installed. This problem also may arise if there is underlying trouble with the Input-Output system of the machine: for example, interactions with controllers like Promise or Highpoint, or with special drivers. It may be worth trying a change in the DMA settings for the device in Control Panel | System | Hardware | Device Manager. Under IDE controllers, double click on the Primary or Secondary IDE Channel concerned, then click the tab for the Advanced Settings page. TONI
