15311	0	411617	3380788	NR	apostrophe27	9/25/10 5:16 AM	1.28539176E12	Netgear WGR614v6 speed drops	I have a Netgear WGR614v6. When I connect wirelessly, it connects at 54Mbps, but in less than a minute it drops to 18 to 24 Mbps, and sometimes lower after a few minutes. The signal strength is strong. It worked fine until about 3 months ago. I've done hard resets, and made sure the firmware is up to date. We didn't start using any new wireless devices that might interfere with the signal. I have the same problem on four different laptops, all of which used to work with this router. They still work on other wireless networks. Three are running Windows XP and one Windows 7. About two weeks ago I took out an old Windows XP laptop that I rarely use. It has a D-Link DWL-G630 cardbus adapter. It connected to my network at 54Mbps and didn't drop. Three of my other laptops have cardbus slots, and if I move the D-Link card to each of them the connection also works without dropping speed. We've been connecting using 20' long cables for the past few months, and I'm getting tired of dragging them around. Any ideas on if this can be fixed?
15311	1	411617	3380814	3380788	bill012	9/25/10 6:45 AM	1.2853971E12	wireless speeds	Another magic marketing number is all the 54m is. When you read the fine print you get this rate only in a fairly controlled environment. Before you worry a lot about these numbers the larger question is does it actually affect your performance. It is highly unlikely you have a internet connection that is anywhere close to your wireless speeds. In general the signal strength does not represent the quality of the signal. You can have a very strong but noisy signal. When the wireless connection gets errors above a certain rate it will select a slower rate even though the signal strength does not vary. The amount of errors before it slows down varies between manufactures and also depends if it is the router or the PC card seeing the errors. The errors assuming no defective hardware are caused by interference. This could be anything from your neighbor, a cell phone etc etc. It also can be as simple as something new in the house changing the reflection pattern and causing the signal to interfere with itself. People just walking though a room can also change the signal quality. Also having multiple machines on the same router greatly increases the interference which is why you can never get close to sharing full wireless bandwidth. I would first try to change the channels you use maybe other will work better. Different frequency have different interference patterns and if the source is external you may avoid it. Also lock all your devices to G just a one B device will slow the rest down. You could also try moving the router to a slightly different location. There is really no cost effective solution for a end consumer to really find out how radio waves are passing though their house. As a last resort if you cannot live with the speed is to go to all N equipment. The manufactures try to sell N as being so much faster with better coverage etc etc. The key benefit to N is that it tolerates interference better which leads to better coverage and faster throughput. You will need N devices on all your equipment or everything will revert to G and you will get no benefit. But again does this really impact your ability to use your systems. Unless you are doing machine to machine traffic your internet will be the bottleneck.
