13594	0	548731	5237945	NR	ceryta87	11/28/11 7:53 PM	1.32250998E12	Dual Sided Tablet	Dear Fellow customers, I brought my mother a kindle for Christmas and I love it. I took it out the box to check it out and it was great, I actually started to feel a little jealous. She is a huge reader and lover of books which she passed down to me. Her eye sight is starting to go a bit and I thought a kindle would be a great gift. Now for myself, I have a Samsung Galaxy 7&quot; Tablet which I love. It is the perfect size for me. I know a lot of people like 10&quot; but 7&quot; is the perfect size to carry around and hold in my hand. It fits in my smallest purse and since I got it in April this year, I have never left home with it. And while I do read all my ebooks on my tablet or netbook , I do really like that e ink for the eyes. But I do other stuff on my tablet besides read. Checking emails, reading news, listening to music, watching videos, playing games, wed surfing video chatting. I don't do any hard work on my tablet, it just for media use. If I have to work, I rather use my laptop. So after that long winded first paragraph( this why I don't post to boards to much, I am rambler and type like I am really talking to somebody, sorry but I am getting close to the end) So my request is a dual sided media tablet. It does not have to done right know but maybe sometime in the future. I can be very patient. A lot of things are in existence now that 10 or 15 years ago, I would have never imagined being possible. Now I know people are going to jump down my throat about it can't happen or it has been done already by the enTourage Pocket eDGe Dualbook Android Tablet and e-Ink Reader but that is not what I want. I had my Samsung and the kindle laying side by side on my bed, and all I could think was how perfect it would if you could just combine the two together. I know people are going to say just buy a basic model kindle and use that with tablet or if I am already using the tablet as a reader just stick with the tablet. But I have really falling in love with e ink screens. It would be so nice to have to best of both worlds. Plus I am lazy; I don't want to carry any more than I have to. On to the third paragraph ( I lied about being close to the end), my idea for a perfect media tablet. I am not going to quote any prices for the device or service plans because whatever I say people will found fault with it. So the enTourage Pocket eDGe Dualbook had a screen on each side, but I think the screens should be back to back. So basically you would have something like the Samsung galaxy tablet or even the kindle fire on one side and when you flip it over on the other side you have a basic touch type e ink screen. It would came with a very basic case, you could always upgrade to better one. The case would open from right side or left side depending which side you wanted to use. It would be able easily flip back either side. The tablet side would be the latest android system (I am being greedy, I know) and be 8&quot; while the reader would be 7&quot;. The reader would a touch screen that would still have page turning buttons on the sides. 16 GB of internal storage, with room for another 16 GB to added though a media card slot. Everything can also be saved in the cloud. Add a camera, a microphone, stereo audio jack, and volume buttons. It would have Wi-Fi and 3g. Now before people start about the 3g, I don't expect it to be free. Amazon first and fore most is a business. It would have to lose their minds to offer 3g free for the type of tablet I am talking about. Maybe amazon could find a way to be able sync to your current phone plan, or offer separate date plans from other third party companies. My favorite idea would be to somehow link a 3g option with the amazon prime membership, and yes I know the price would go up and you would not be able to pay yearly. People who want to add 3g to their amazon prime membership would have to switch to a monthly plan. Now before I sign off, I want to say that I am not a techie or business person at all. This is just the ramblings of one person. I was making it up as I was typing. I even have a name for it- &quot;Amazon now presents The Kindle Phoenix , an all in one media tablet&quot; So now after that long winded letter, I am finally done. I told you I was a rambler, sorry. I would like to see if anybody had any thoughts, comments or helpful criticism about my dream dual sided tablet.
13594	1	548731	5237953	5237945	R. Proffitt	11/28/11 8:53 PM	1.32251358E12	Owned the Pocket Edge.	It was missing too many things to be a serious Android tablet. No multi-touch, no G sensor and the list goes on. My died after a few months and the company is no more. No doubt in my mind why. Bob
