4625	0	48915	581150	NR	beatlejoel	12/2/04 7:53 AM	1.10197398E12	Question regarding networking my computers for internet.	Sorry if my question is stupid, but I currently use a cable modem and am interested in networking my other two computers in order to have access to the internet on all 3. I called my provider and they made it sound as simple as buying a wirless router and hooking it up to my cable modem and that that is all I have to do. My question is, Is it that simple? Do I only have to by a router and install it to have access for the other two? Any help you could offer would be great!!!! Thanks, Steve
4625	1	48915	581166	581150	R. Proffitt	12/2/04 7:56 AM	1.10197416E12	Re: Question regarding networking my computers for internet.	Millions use the router setup. It's now a commodity or common solution. It's a little untrue you have to do nothing but hook it up. You may have to update the router's firmware or even configure it. Bob
4625	2	48915	584869	581150	rlambert1	12/3/04 2:42 PM	1.10208492E12	Re: Question regarding networking my computers for internet.	First of all what you should do is check with your ISP to see if they allow sharing like you want to do. I've heard that some providers can detect if you are doing &quot;sharing&quot;, and try to prevent you, or want charge you more. Other ISPs don't care if you &quot;share&quot; (or at least they don't bother to monitor such activity). If your ISP will just let you &quot;share away&quot;, a &quot;wireless router&quot; might be what you need, but not necessarily. If your PCs are located all over your house, yes, that might be adviseable, but then you'd need &quot;wireless client&quot; devices for your PCs, too. However, if they are all in the same room, you would not need a wireless one. Setting up a home network is fairly straightforward. I am taking a class in wireless networking. Last night, during the &quot;lab session&quot; part of the class we were supposed to setup an &quot;Access Point&quot;. The one I was given was brand new, never been opened. It was a Linksys product, but I don't remember the model. It was an &quot;all-in-one&quot; product which included a router, wireless Access Point, and ethernet switch. I had never seen, nor laid hands on such a device before. I just took it out of the box, and started hooking it up. I thought the instructions left a bit to be desired, but I just messed around with the device. I think the net result, though, was that I made no changes to it from the default configuration. What had to be configured was the PCs. I had two PCs that had previously been configured with wireless NIC cards, and two PCs that did not have wireless NICs. I won't bother you with the rest of the details for now, but I will say it was pretty easy. In about an hour and a half I had all of 4 PCs going out onto the Internet. If I were hooking up a home network for the first time, I'm sure I would feel much more comfortable if I could see one that had already been set up. If you have children, perhaps they have friends who have home networks. Perhaps one of them might permit you to visit them, and see how it was done. One more thing. If you &quot;go wireless&quot;, be sure to read up a bit on wireless security. Enter &quot;tips on wireless security&quot; into a search engine, like GOOGLE, and you'll quickly find plenty of good reads. At the very least, enable &quot;WEP&quot;. Depending of the vendor, they might call it 64-bit or 128-bit encryption, or something else in their configurations. There are plenty of folks who just love to drive around neighborhoods with wireless laptops in their cars, and look for houses who have setup wireless networks. And, if you have left the security features disabled, they will just help themselves to your network. The security features can be hacked, but at least if you've enabled them, you stand a chance that the &quot;war-driving&quot; hacker, will just drive down a few houses or blocks, and help themselves to a network that is completely open.
